ACL compares to COGSCI, Interspeech, NeurIPS, CBPR, ICWSM, CHI, FOS, HCI, and COMPASS for real-world system deployment. Although ACL is growing at a decent rate, much work has to be done to match those in the fields which have more human-facing applications.
systems performed better than classical video classification tasks in the MVC task, as shown in the table.
human self-consistency is much lower than that of models when evaluating VQA models using CARATs.
purpose of the study conducted by the researchers is to investigate whether language models could be reliable factual knowledge bases and draw interesting conclusions from previous findings.
memory-based methods do not consider relational structure between knowledge facts, making them difficult to capture motif relationships containing long-distance nodes.
limitations of the proposed framework include the need for human rationales to identify the most plastic component of a transformer-based LL model, which can be improved with the use of the CCI component.
ensemble model performed best in task B with an F1 score of 0.27.
study focuses on how text polarity prediction done by deep neural networks can be explained with emotion carriers identified by humans.
explanations are extracted from the models by representing the input as a bag of words and representing the output as an input to extract explanations of the decisions the model makes.
main goal of ELANC is to speed up large language models without sacrificing accuracy.
LN plus WPE model is a GPT-2 language model pre-trained on English text that performed the best on the Stereoset benchmark.
purpose of aggressive decoding in neural machine translation is to improve the online inference efficiency of the transformer for instantaneous grammatical error correction.
limitations of using adherence to Zipf's law as a gauge for a model's consistency with natural language include the fact that it is difficult to measure how well the model fits a set of observations, and the need for auxiliary models and manually constructed corpora to measure this phenomenon.
PubMed BERT and BlueBERT are BERT models pre-trained on PubMed or PMC articles, which are good relations for an ontology possibly but they do not make much sense in natural text.
Bird targets offensive language, abusive language, hate speech, microaggression in English.
is important to collaborate with signing communities when researching signed languages because they are the primary and preferred means of communication for deaf communities, among themselves and when interacting with non-signing communities.
method that uses no strongly supervised object detectors is competitive in the fully supervised setting with the current state-of-the-art in both GQA and BQA, indicating the feasibility of alternate visual representations that need fewer annotations.
focus bias is a bias added to decoder logits to improve the representation of topical content. It is used in the proposed FAME models for summarization by training the focus bias to be a better representative of the topical content tokens.
experimental setup involves using the Fiverr dataset to trim models, using a vanilla BERT model as my baseline, and doing experiments with SemBERT which is an architecture that can introduce semantic information.
proposed method addresses the problem of disjoint terms in named entity recognition by using a BIDT tagging schema to identify discontinuous terms and adding more tags to the schema.
advantages of using few-shot cross-lingual transfer include negligible annotation cost, ability to collect around 100 POS annotated sentences in two hours with $100 even for low-resource languages such as Malagasy, and substantially improving the model performance of target language.
Broadening Linguistics Technologies Lab's proposed solution to the issues with Wikidata is to look at two wiki-derived massively multilingual data sources to discuss some of the issues.
challenges faced while training models for the homophobia and transphobia detection task include the tendency of Tamil speakers to use code-mixed transliterated text, which poses a challenge to the task.
generation-based models have strong performance because the prompt provides event structures and autoregressive decoding naturally considers dependency between predictions.
apsi's semantic similarity is much better than other models, especially for low-resource languages.
Empathetic Question Taxonomy (EQT) was developed with two distinguished branches, question acts and question intents, targeted at the interlocutor's emotional state. It was validated by asking two other researchers from the lab to annotate a bunch of randomly sampled questions and computing agreement scores with the authors.
different types of labeling issues found in the training data include inconsistent labels assigned to messages that are similar but not exactly the same, inconsistent messages assigned to the same label, and incorrect labeling.
presentation of STORC considers three tasks: salient entity classification, summarization, and classification.
model proposed in this work addresses false negatives in relation extraction by first performing sentence-level relation extraction and then extracting subject and object for each relation, then modeling the false negative problem as positive unlabeled learning and extending the collective loss function to multilabel situation.
proposed method differs from LSH in that it is mainly based on randomly initialized vectors to shuffle and reorder the sequence, allowing for clustering of hidden representations.
researchers grouped demographic attributes into beings based on their gender, income, and education level. They used a unique word to represent each being in the representation. For example, age 25 was added to the end of the essay, while age 25 had a high income income of 150,000.
result of comparing distillation and Ensembl across group benchmarks is similar to the results achieved by the original model.
models are largely invariant to word order, where they assign the original goal labels to permuted sentence pairs. Models appear to predict equally well on two seemingly meaningless sentences. This phenomenon is true not only for transformer-based models, but for pre-trained transformer models as well.
different approaches performed well in the RGB-CHECK project's work, with two approaches performing the best.
two corpora presented for language modeling in Mukaise are tr-new64 and tr-wiki67, which are specialized for long-range modeling and have a diverse vocabulary.
number of strategies and previous aligners exist, including rule-based alignment, alignment using expectation maximization, alignment by tuning a parser, and using graph distance as a constraint to decide what should be aligned.
sRF4E standard is a unified evaluation framework for Semantic Role Labeling for Emotions. The annotators mapped trigger words in blogs and keywords in NTC-IR to the cue, and did a similar job for other roles. Each resource uses its own set of emotional categories, ranging from 6 to 28 different emotions, making it difficult to compare different settings, test another genre or domain, or train a unified model.
proposed cell-position classification task aims to model the relative spatial position of cells in a document, which outperforms all state-of-the-art models in several downstream tasks.
reframing techniques include converting paragraph form instructions into a bulleted list, converting negative instructions into positive instructions, and improving model performance through itemized reframs.
purpose of aligning duplicate subgraphs in AMR is to prevent the aligner from aligning extra nodes erroneously to some random part of the sentence.
different mechanisms used for automatic claim creation include verifiable claim detection, evidence retrieval, mask-infill model, and unsupported claims. These mechanisms lead to claims that are mostly refuted and difficult to catch from existing fever-type models.
authors collected data by randomly sampling 100 slang and 100 non-slang words from a Twitter corpus of datasets and collecting variables of interest for each word.
study evaluated the annotation quality of two models, GERT and BERT, and found that GERT achieved substantially better annotation quality and suggestion bias compared to the previous work.
FAC is a method that aims to boost generation faithfulness on data to text tasks by adding examples from other corpora that do not have to be faithful but need to be maximally faithful. It also produces a new set of the art on Meteor.
advantage of the progressive tasks in the E2EMERN framework is that the framework includes three tasks with progressive difficulty extended from conventional NER and NEN tasks, which are correlated to the complexity of modeling features.
task of named entity recognition is to detect entities in a given sentence. In flat and nested entity recognition, entities have no overlaps between each other but are allowed to nested within other longer entities.
previous works have already looked into encouraging language-agnostic representations by adding training objectives dedicated to this.
RS is different from other multilingual NLP benchmarks because it has two modeling approaches, the generation framework and the retrieval framework, which require different cross-lingual generalization strategies.
approach involves extracting certain types of knowledge and constructing argumentation knowledge graphs, encoding the knowledge in the graphs in a set of collected arguments and paragraphs derived from debate portals and Wikipedia, and fine-tuning a general text generation model.
order in which examples are presented in textual prompts has not been explored in this work.
presented work focuses on identifiability of attention weights, which is the importance of identifying if the attention weights of a self-attention head for a given input are identifiable if they can be uniquely determined from the head's output.
motivation behind performing multitask learning between the basic dependency parser and enhanced parser is to ensure that they are reachable by route.
focus prediction mechanism is used in the joint gen model for question generation to predict question focuses and generate questions.
ured pruning has all kinds of benefits when compared to distillation approaches, including flexible model structures specified with different sparsities, competitive results without unlabeled data, and can be combined with task-specific distillation objectives.
new method for extracting values from titles outperforms the current production service on eBay by a large margin.
purpose of the pluggable module named checker in Retract is to check the key-pin linkage information between an entity and a relation.
two main variables that need to be predicted in the shared task are FFT and TRT.
improvement in evaluators' performance from the best performing training did not significantly improve their accuracy.
purpose of the experiments conducted with DPSec in the text is to identify two categories of realistically available resources for weak supervision: partial notations and already segmented sentences.
authors compared their model with vanilla pre-training model-based span instruction model and graph-based document modeling method for experiments on natural questions and TechQA datasets. They found that VOTE is much faster than Roberta-DM model, which is 11 hours compared to 40 minutes.
authors found that Bitfit outperforms full fine-tuning while training less than 0.1% of the pre-trained model parameters. They also found that there is a strong correlation between Bitfit's performance and training set size.
challenges in previous works on learning a mapping between morphemes and their corresponding phoneme sequences include the need for additional information due to inflection, which is reasonable and corresponds to the concept of morphophonology.
conclusion of the paper is that MPC-BERT can produce better interlocutors and addresses representations which can be effectively generalized to multiple downstream tasks.
meeting transcript discusses the next steps discussed in the meeting transcript.
GRS iteratively revises a given complex sentence by applying paraphrasing and deletion edit operations on sentence fragments. In each iteration, edit operations produce multiple candidate sentences and then candidates are evaluated using a score function based on soft and hard constraints on simplicity, linguistic acceptability, and meaning preservation.
paper evaluates BERT and Distil-Roberta combined with several uncertainty-based query strategies on active learning for text classification, finding that the supposedly strongest baseline prediction entropy is not so strong as expected, and Breaking ties consistently outperforms prediction entropy in multi-class scenarios.
Inception tool was used for annotations and a German version of BERT was used to train the expert annotated data after performing random hyperparameter search.
two datasets were manually labeled for training the two models in Grant IEL, one named grant IE for the relation extraction test and another named grant SB for sentence classification test. Both datasets have been published at GitHub.
purpose of EMU-Frames is to understand the intent and implications of edited images by annotating both visually and textually the changes in the image, gathering grounded captions describing physical changes between the image source and the image edit, and collecting rationale explaining the intent.
motivation behind the study is to address the question of whether downstream tasks can benefit from domain-adaptive pre-training, which has been either relied on additional data or evaluated on easy downstream tasks like text classification tasks.
external knowledge base contains descriptive and explanatory information about events, which can be called descriptive knowledge of events. This kind of knowledge is enabled to help the model better understand what the missing event is.
research challenge in creating a training dataset for article-level detection of unrepresentative thumbnails is that there is no training dataset available and a manual approach could cause high cost or unlabeled articles.
main challenge faced in this work is data scarcity, as there is not much annotated data available.
amed Entity Recognition is the task of detecting real-world dimensions from text and classifying them into predefined types. It is important to many downstream tasks such as document categorization, recommendation system, and dialog system.
knowledge structure of each frame contained in FrameNet includes definition, frame elements, lexical units, and frame-to-frame relations. These are very important for representing the frames.
goal of data augmentation is to create synthetic habitual B instances. This was achieved by leveraging simple rules based on part of speech to filter out some instances of the majority non-habitual case, bringing us closer to a balanced data set.
quality of the data augmentation in this study is measured by constant measuring of agreement and updating instructions, using gold examples modified slightly and keeping the original label.
performance of locating the SFS in GCRC is challenging and applying BERT will not work well. From the results, we can say that BERT performance is better for type-4 special reasoning skills on GCRC.
study focuses on multi-label classification for medical code prediction, which is important in machine learning practice.
substitutivity testing tests whether a model can systematically recombine words and phrases, which is usually achieved by creating a train and test set that have some kind of systematic difference. It focuses on the evaluation side, where the model presents an input, then slightly manipulates that input and measures the consistency of the translation while accommodating for the fact that the model should take into account the manipulation.
diet outcomes were evaluated in both groups by checking the effect of using MyFitnessPal and the PANAS form at the beginning of the experiment.
model used in this paper consists of two text encoders, independent BERT modules. The extractor takes in the input and produces a binary rationale mask, while the predictor makes a prediction from the input masked by that mask. These two layers are trained end-to-end with a joint objective that encourages the predictor to be accurate.
ipherment can have significant effects on the model output in machine translation, as shown in the figure.
issue with fine-grained details in building NLP models is that they often act as counter-productions to the goal of building the models, making it difficult to generalize them.
work is called interactive word completion for morphologically complex languages, and it aims to generalize some of the learnings from that experience to another similar language, another polysynthetic language, but a different context in another part of the world.
degenerate policies often have a fixed reward strategy that converges regardless of the context, resulting in low quality output.
bivariate disambiguator works in the PDC model by obtaining translation candidate sets from the bilingual dictionary, encoding their semantic information by a candidate encoder, refining the encoder state of transformer by a cross-attention layer, and pointing the source word to be translated with the candidate semantics. The optimal translation candidate should not only be faithful to the source sentence but also be consistent with the partial target sentence.
choice of method for integrating explanation information affects all three factors, including the amount and quality of the information contained in the human explanation, how much effort the human is willing to spend on producing the explanation, and human factors that affect the process.
keyword-based response generation system in QBot is based on a queue of relevant keywords that can be edited by the user to generate one or none of them.
IAM dataset is a comprehensive dataset that is fully annotated for all key elements related to argument mining tasks, including claims, stances, evidence, and relations among them.
authors aim to improve the quality of generated text in evaluations by looking at how well non-expert evaluators could distinguish between human and machine-generated text. They also want to look at the dimensions of text used to make these types of decisions.
proposed solution for tackling the task of Visual Common Sense Generation is KMBART, a knowledge-enhanced multimodal BART that leverages external common sense knowledge to enhance the model.
model achieves state-of-the-art performance by using a door-slot selector and a slot value generator, which jointly make a judgment for each slot according to the current turn dialogue.
purpose of the paper is to propose a rumor detection method that provides piece of evidence to illustrate the reasons for the detection result.
experimental results for the fair classification task show that the proposed estimator outperforms the baseline in terms of cross-entropy and classical negative log-likelihood for individual labels.
olutions enhance self-attention in sentences by assigning attention scores directly to relative positions, which captures local information and encoding a lot of the relative position information. However, convolutions are then limited in their ability to model global interactions between tokens because they lack that query key mechanism in self-Attention.
model generates appropriate responses based on control codes by breaking down or factorizing what constitutes a response into two main factors: personality trait exhibited by the response and the intention behind the response.
full multilingual model performs better than the baseline in terms of segmentation quality, as shown in the table on the right.
proposed method for decoding slot values in dialog state tracking involves using a dynamic schema graph, which is divided into multiple subgraphs, incorporating slot relation types into the slot relation prediction layer, and incorporating the slot-aware dynamic sort relation into the schema graph prediction layer.
performance drops for the no-swearing dataset, indicating that there is still room for improvement in offensiveness.
authors applied an inverse row-mullowing-the-loop approach to crowdsource complementary sentences. They redisplayed instructions, received and stored user input, gave model feedback, and did model updating.
study found that cognates and borrowings share the same ancestor word, while cognates descend from a shared common direct parent language, while borrowings are evolutions of a word which does not come from a direct ancestor.
main difference between shallow neural networks and deep neural networks was the number of layers used, with only one or two layers used in shallow networks and up to 8 hidden layers. Another difference was the composition of the neurons in each layer. In deep neural network, however, they arranged the networks in different shapes, big shapes, triangle shapes, diamond shapes, rhombus shapes, and short and long funnel shapes.
significance of using a span-based model for NER tasks is that it can recognize regular entities that are non-overlapped and continuous, as well as overlapped entities and discontinuous entities.
method did not benefit performance on test data because it was fine-tuned on data from two distribution sources, task and test suite data, and several configurations were explored.
approach of targeted data filtering results in a model with a strong, undesirable bias towards universal responses, which fail in terms of specificity. In the worst case, a model simply learns mappings between the underlying tone of the review and the likelihood of saying thank you or apologizing in the response.
proposed method of architecture optimization achieves the best performance in downstream tasks compared to other methods for inefficient PLMs.
goal-type setting provided answer-type information, short, long, or unanswerable, so that the model doesn't need to predict answerability by itself. The goal-paragraph experiments only provided the question and the goal paragraph, which removes the necessity of answerability prediction and paragraph retrieval at inference time.
purpose of using delasicalized productions in PSHRG models is to induce the production of SHRG productions, which should be aligned with the probability of the SHRG pairs.
AD-AST model is a new model that learns representations of two modalities in one shared space in the decoder and gets a dynamically adaptive acoustic representation in each line. Its advantages include concatenating the hidden acoustic state sequence with the target word embedding sequence, adding traditional encoding and modality embeddings, and controlling the calculation process through a massive matrix.
validation has been obtained from the human evaluation, which shows that the model is factually consistent with the grounding.
preparation for Chowniu Lyric Generation System consisted of three types of corpus: lyrics, passage-level text, and pseudo-aligned dataset.
E-Car Benchmark is challenging, explainable, and bilingual. It is sourced from civil service exams of China, which require intensive knowledge to solve.
optimal parameter sharing for multilingual training is between encoder and agent, with a reduction in parameter size.
Spike supports various query modes, including Structural Equivalence or syntactic mode. In this mode, the user provides an example sentence, which acts as a query. For example, to retrieve treatments for diseases, Spike will look for sentences structurally similar to this one. In addition, and differently from other search engines, we will mark capture slots over the query.
View Action Matching module divides the action into two types, navigation and non-navigation actions. For navigation actions, an action with the highest similarity score is chosen, while for non-Navigation actions, a neural layer is employed to compute the scores for each action.
authors used multilingual BERTs as their pre-trained multilingual encoder and experimented on two groups of tasks: sequence classification, where a single or pairs of sentences are fed into the nBERT for a single sentence-level label, and structure prediction, including named entity recognition and part of speech tagging tasks. English was used as their source training language, as it has the most labeled data across different tasks.
two ways that the data augmentation method obtains symptom definitions are pre-trained length models and UMLS medical dictionary.
FAIR method improves model robustness by introducing constraints in the proof selection process inspired from the forward chaining algorithm. This process introduces constraints and disallows the model from learning spurious correlations.
monolingual English model outperforms the multilingual English model by a large margin, indicating that it can generalize to new languages.
proposed method outperforms standard transformers in terms of efficiency-accuracy tradeoff, as shown in the table.
iding window inference is a method used to reevaluate the performance of models on the validation set. It improves language model performance by allowing for a much more accurate prediction.
purpose of the support set generator in the model is to generate a sequence of tokens that are representative of the answer given the sequence of texts.
CDKD handles the misalignment of distributions by minimizing the follow objective using knowledge distillation and optimizing the target model by temperature of creating software class probability.
case manager page displays the full complaint text on the left hand side and the output of the system on the right hand side consisting of the predicted risk level, probability, and confidence score. It also shows additional information including important scores, list of similar past cases with similar path highlighted and relevant standard which the complaints violate, and provides a tab for users to enter their final decision.
authors analyzed several models for unargmaxable tokens, including a BERT-style model and a large language model. They found that unargumaxable tokens rarely arise in practice.
domain adaptation can be done when only text data from the target domain is available by using both audio text pairs to train the ASR model.
collected dataset has some characteristics such as long words exceeding 4000 words, longer questions with long words, long words with longer spans, and a wide range of topics.
three handcrafted features are attached to the contextualized embeddings: length, relative length, and character length.
purpose of the MRRG network proposed in this work is to address the challenges of extracting the most relevant internal information and reducing noise from the KG, reasoning over the knowledge, and finding the chain of test reasoning.
current state of emotion analysis in Tamil language is not a very well established field and Dravidian languages are still low resources languages. Future works include using a BERT model for embedding or giving a huge number of training data sets.
proposed approach involves a simple pipeline approach where a QA model selects top K candidates, employing an additional feedback re-ranker that is trained with the feedback data to rerank the answer candidates.
method of evaluation used in this study involved collecting 12 participants for introductory and annotation sessions, followed by annotation sessions where each participant responded to a questionnaire dataset and annotation guidelines.
proposed architecture in the paper is a Gaussian prior optimization method that considers giving partial credits to positions close to the ground truth and optimizes KL divergence between predicted distributions and ground truth distributions.
best system can be further simplified by switching from a factorized to an unfactorized classifier architecture in dependency parsing.
dimension of precision refers to the degree of delight or annoyance of the user of an application or service, which has been mostly disregarded until now.
authors used Will They, Want They, which is a large recent data set for stance detection, which collects tweets discussing four mergers between health care companies in the US. The data set distinguishes between four stance labels: support, refute, commence, and unrelated. They then complemented their textual signal with historical prices for the involved stocks, which they bought from a company called Firstrate Data. Each entry in the data provides the classic data points for stock market signals, high, low, open, closed prices, and the volume of shares traded.
proposed solution for generating a summary from highlighted dialogue is to automatically create a summary sketch containing user intent, key phrases, and salient information. The sketch provides vague supervision as a final summary is conditioned on it during generation.
proposed method to separate contexts into different groups in the self-separated CWE model is to separate the latent variables from the corresponding contexts, which leads to a more diverse and coherent response.
two instances of the proposed method are called inf-trans-E and inv-rotate-E. They were designed based on the assumption that embedding H can establish a connection with T via an R-specific operation.
dataset used for the experiments has an imbalanced distribution of classes, with close to 70% of examples coming from the moderate depression class and only 10% from the severe depression category.
inference for the test set in this study was based on the assumption that the entity involved in the meme was either a hero or a villain.
three models of increasing complexity used in the fact checking experiments are random forest with a TFI-DF backwards text representation, bilayer-stem model, and BERT model.
isting methods for attacking almost all models and 100% success rate when attacking BERT and Exonet are especially susceptible to backdoor attacks.
query phrase is used to define the concept of interest in the proposed query-driven topic model.
four different loss functions used in the training process of Raccone are self-reconstruction loss, loglihood loss, and negative loss.
T and frequency-based re-tokenizers yield more general compound nouns and common phrases, but chi-squared measure produces primary collocation. These specific named entities rarely occur but they trigger significance because they co-occur more than they would randomly do.
importance of modeling recency in relation to temporal aspects in the task was found to be due to differences in the performance of different retrieval methods.
three models used for training are multilingual BERT, multilingual distilBERT, and XML-Roberta. Their performances on the dataset show high inter-annotator agreement.
unique keyphrase model adopts a unified pre-trained language model as a backbone and is fine-tuned with both extraction and generation tasks. It also uses a co-attention-based stack relation layer to repeatedly fuse extraction, generation task representations to capture deep semantic relationships.
Kit is an open source toolkit for detecting safety issues with end-to-end conversational AI models. Its purpose is to address the problem of offensive behavior and other unwanted biases in these models.
four evaluation metrics used in the study are precision, recall, and recall.
main contributions of the paper presented in this talk are introducing CAML, case marker extraction without labels, proposing a simple method that is efficient, does not require training, and generalizes well to new languages, achieving a 45% average F1 score over 19 different languages, and demonstrating two first ways of how these extracted case markers can be used to gain information about deep cases across languages.
models trained with monolingual data outperform other systems in terms of performance, including BERT, BASE, and CASE, but decreases for Italian and Spanish.
significance of allowing probes to be less than linear is that it allows for the exploration of more complex probing tasks, which can help obtain further insights into how to improve models for downstream tasks.
three subtopics generated by the proposed query-driven topic model for the concept of atheism are about atheism morality, arguments between atheism and theism, and scientific explanation on atheism.
BIKE model is a bidirectional natural attention mechanism that performs both common sense to state graph attention and state to common sense graph attention in a smart way. It involves representing a natural language observation using a state graph and retrieving common sense knowledge from Consternet. The agent scores the best action using this mechanism.
Net is a backdoor attack model that uses word substitution to poison the model. It differs from WordNet in that it uses a combination of word substitution and a trigger-ranged combination of synonyms.
best performing model for classifying abusive comments in Tamil was a random forest and GRU-based model with only Facebook pages data.
motivation behind the study of emotion analysis in Japanese tweets related to COVID-19 vaccinations is to understand vaccine acceptance and hesitancy through as many dimensions as possible to develop effective methodologies and convince people to receive the vaccine.
researchers adopted many mechanisms to ensure data quality in collecting the ESC conversations. For workers to be a supporter, they should first pass a training tutorial, which is based on the content of the ESC framework. They are required to correctly answer all the quizzes in the subtasks, then they are allowed to match a help seeker and chat with them. During the chatting, they can choose the strategy they plan to use and construct a response accordingly.
use of language identification sometimes hurts the performance of the filtering system in terms of accuracy.
training on non-words and testing on real words only show very low performance because they are randomly selected and have only autographically existing onsets and bodies, and only monomorphemic syllables.
goal of ZMBird framework is to design a single framework across all tasks and all languages without even modification in the hyperparameter, utilizing only monolingual data and leveraging the multilingual model.
Explained board supports tagging tasks like NER or classification-based task like sentiment classification, threat prediction task like semantic parsing, and generation tasks like test simulation and motion translation.
studies only rely on benchmarks and analyze the behavior of segmentation methods in a static scenario. Some well-known benchmarks are quite old, and such evaluations are intrinsic, which are not associated with downstream NLP tasks.
rationales identification in the KSE model is formulated as a token-level sequence labeling task, where 1 indicates rationale tokens and 0 indicates background token. For each instance, a subset of 0 or more tokens and rationales from both premises and hemispheres are included with robots. Cross-attention is used to embed them. Finally, the identified rationale token is obtained.
Lón d'Uillón is a community language spoken in the three major dialects of Irish at ABRA.ie, with a speech recognition system currently in development.
two families of approaches to text anonymization are sequence labeling and data-driven models based on break-around neural nets or transformer architectures. Sequence labeling aims to detect text spans that correspond to specific types of personal information, which will then be masked from the document. Data driven models are optimized in a supervised fashion based on annotated documents.
authors propose two formulations which discretize the feature attributions in the training of their L2E explainer g of V. The first formulation is to learn the ranking of important features, while the second formulation treats the explanation process as a sequence labeling problem. Each feature is discretized according to a heuristic function H, for example, positive, neutral, and negative.
proposed model for generating missing story sentences is a model that iteratively generates common sense inference rules grounded in the context and generates story sentences using the generated inferences as a guide.
percentage of the datasets used standardized formats for file formats were in the biomedical domain, with the largest percentage being in the medical domain.
experiments were performed on three different three different important NLP tasks: text classification, mask language modeling, and machine translation.
studies show that removing peripheral details from consumer questions can lead to substantial improvement in question answering performance, as shown in Abesha and Demner-Fershman and Yadav et al. more.
IE generates row-specific span selectors for each slot in the joint PROMD by using BART encoder and cross-attention features in each slot.
top three teams performed well in the AMVAL task, but their approaches were limited in terms of performance.
researchers increased the dataset for task anti-LGBT by adding transphobic instances from the Tamil dataset, hope speech data that they added in bulk without the active learning process, and adding 2234 instances remapped as non-anti-LGBT.
experiment conducted in the paper shows that the framework with prototypical network achieved the best performance in few short test classification tasks, which could be easily extended to other models such as rigorous regression and it also did better performance.
performance of mentioned replacement is comparable to the proposed method in low resource settings, indicating that it can improve the performance of named entity recognition in low-resource languages.
two main reasons why researchers focus on exemplar-based generative models are that they can produce more specific responses than those produced by vanilla models, tend to produce dull responses, and can only return predefined responses.
data sets can be used to build user-level portfolios, construct conversation graphs and conversation networks, and understand conversation network flow among different Twitter users.
ROC area under the curve used for in the study is around 0.5, which is the area where the model outputs are consistent or not with respect to the input text.
proposed goal of the table understanding task was to focus on statement verification and evidence finding for tabular data in scientific documents, with two subtasks: Subtask A, statement fact verification, and Subtask B, cell evidence selection.
D is a linguistic-aware neural editor that learns to edit the sentence graph into subgraphs, where each subgraph corresponds to all the words that would go into one simple sentence. It works by comparing the output simple sentence with Sokoli's birth date and the surrounding pairs of words.
authors map each reaction category to a negative or positive sentiment using a balanced distribution of GIFs depicted in the top half of the GIF.
standard annotation practice has diminished usefulness for understudied languages due to theoretical issues, practical issues, and the need for segmental patterns for each unit of meaning.
proposed method for capturing annotator-aware features in NER tasks involves using a state-of-the-art representation learning model, which can dynamically generate different model parameters for different annotators. Then, the model can extract the annotated-aware representation of the input.
majority measurement provided a 44.1% weighted F1 score for the experiments.
training method introduced in this work is called CORGE, which selects semantically relevant but lexically distanced exemplars from the goal response during the training stage. It mitigates the drawbacks of exemplar-based generative models by selecting k nearest neighbor of a goal response based on the relevant score.
inductive training phase is used to construct a dynamic representation for objects in the visual domain and the text domain. It involves accumulating element and compositional concept knowledge in the inductive phase and picking confident and labeled items from the unseen domain.
purpose of the new dataset introduced in this study is to facilitate research towards automatic faceted summarization by providing structured abstracts for research work.
information bottleneck method involves encoding the source sentence into a bottleneck representation that forgets surface information about the sentence, so syntactic details, and then when auto-encoding back to the source language, we will recover a paraphrase. It is used in various downstream tasks such as language understanding, data augmentation, and many more.
DOT models are 4.6 and 1.5 times faster than the base tapas model in wiki.sql and tapfact datasets.
aggregation layer models are trying to combine subphrases and do not necessarily produce a fluent and coherent text, complete with appropriate punctuation and devoid of errors.
conclusion of the paper is that pre-training of BERT is general and task agnostic, but the fight tuning is narrow, requires labor data, and it's task specific. The authors aim to address the learning objective mismatch between these two stages by focusing on the social meaning tasks.
paper focuses on the problem of spatial temporal grounding given images, specifically focusing on time and location.
experiments were performed to evaluate the quality of discovered topics in the tan framework.
aim of the twin project called Makoku is to perform human evaluation of web crawl parallel corpora for machine translation.
question is whether translation affects sentiment in text. The answer is no, but the general idea is that it does not affect sentiment.
OLID is significantly larger than OLID with 9 million tweets and significantly larger for all levels A, B, and C. In Level A of SOLID, easy tweets are explicit, such as using curse words, and hard tweets that are more implicit include using underhanded comments or racial slurs.
issues with NMT models trained end-to-end over large parallel data include semantic composition and the need for a competent machine translation algorithm to generalize to unseen compositions.
emergent languages are completely different from real languages in terms of ZLA because they follow clear ZLA tendency.
proposed framework involves extracting dense event segment candidates, generating proposed captions, treating video paragraph captioning as a text summarization task to obtain the final paragraph caption, and using both text and visual information to help summarization.
NLP gap exists between the NLP and language documentation communities, where apps fail to serve documentary linguists and what they need to do in their apps. It is a problem for language documentation because NLP models are general and good enough to be unobtrusive.
distance between embeddings in the similarity evaluation pipeline is computed as a predicted score to indicate how similar the two input sentences are. If they have a high correlation, that means the embedding is better.
structured sentiment is useful for downstream tasks because it tells us who, what, and why of an opinion, gives its opinion, what is it about, and when do they have this opinion. It also deals naturally with multiple polarities and multiple targets.
Fusion outperforms the baseline over the MIMAC-550 data set in terms of different metrics.
benefit of using a complexity predictor as a preliminary step before text simplification is that it fills the gap between the complexity prediction and complexity explanation in the literature.
randomized weight experiment suggested that pre-training imparts a hierarchical inductive bias to sequence-to-sequence models, which may be responsible for inducing hierarchy-sensitive generalizations.
main conclusion of the study is that cellular fax sentences are more unique and quantitative than tax rate extractions, and unsupervised solutions suffer from the same limitation, lacking a comprehensive understanding of what kind of common characteristics they are.
three question-answer combination strategies used to build dense captions in the proposed framework are R, C, and R2C. Strategy R replaces question category prefix with answer, Strategy C concatenates question and answer directly, and Strategy C uses strategy R at training and then use strategy C at testing.
proposed framework in the meeting transcript is dynamically constructed AMR semantic graph that can refine an intrinsic relation of relevant facts, obtaining both effect-level modeling and explainable reasoning. It improves query performance by carefully selecting evident facts to fill a knowledge gap.
motivation behind the paper is to know the exact origin of the text, which can be used by bad actors to repurpose off-the-shelf, pre-tained language models for malicious activities.
link between acquisition and change in classifiers is that children tend to do the same thing as they do in morphology, extend default categories, overuse the general classifier, and acquire rare or more complex forms a bit later than the most generic forms.
self-supervised training objective of the HEIF module is to leverage unlabeled data by decoupling the representation learning process and the decision-making process. This reduces the requirement on labeled entity pairs and allows an interpretable classifier to carry on the inference process.
specific metric used to measure listener engagement in podcasts is five minute stream rate of the episode among first-time listeners of the show on Spotify.
proposed model in this work is called AD-AST, which learns representations of two modalities in one shared space in the decoder and gets a dynamically adaptive acoustic representation in each line of it. Its advantages include concatenating the hidden acoustic state sequence with the target word embedding sequence and adding traditional encoding and modality embeddings.
authors processed long inputs in their experiment by running the same subgraphs for each sentence and considering what keywords corresponded to each sentence. They found that constructing the word graph could be better than constructing the subgraph.
results averaged over all languages confirm the prevailing view that monolingual language models are the better choice. However, when looking at languages and tasks individually, the picture looks different. The performance gap is often smaller than one would assume and varies noticeably across languages.
ALM is a method for developing small, fast and effective language models for domains. It involves exploring different strategies to compress general broad model to specific domains, proposing a vocabulary experiment algorithm to build the proper size of vocabulary for each domain automatically, and building ADALM in both biomedical domain and computer science domain.
well-known word embedding intrinsic tests were translated to Warani and the embeddings performed well in these tests.
ier is a generation-based model that addresses the challenge of zero-shot cross-lingual event argument extraction by allowing for training examples from source languages and testing examples from target languages.
proposed framework captures background knowledge by extracting structural information from a citation network as background knowledge. It is important for generating good quality citing sentences because when human researchers write papers, they usually need to read a lot of papers and related work before they start to write.
key token is not being attended to by the model during prediction because the model ignored this important piece of information when it's making the prediction. Therefore, the prediction is likely to be incorrect, and we can choose to abstain.
importance measures give us a sense of how influential a particular component was to the state of the output. They specifically look at the influence of inputs on intermediate representations, which suggest that we can't general link an intermediate representation primarily to any single input.
key idea behind the paper presented in this talk is to gain information about the deep case of any noun phrase involving the Latin ibus in any given context by looking at the case markers in its corresponding Russian noun phrase in the same context, which reduces the uncertainty as there's a one-to-one correspondence in Russian, which we do not have in Latin, and indeed in many other languages.
dialogue history may affect the performance of the model significantly, as the accuracy of single slots may affect its overall performance.
researchers propose a three-stage framework called AARD to handle the problem of malicious attack, which is based on the WETGN and the PRG. The detectors take the adversarial example and use it to improve the vulnerability to malicious attack.
were no easily discernible trends between emotions and vaccination measures.
purpose of generating questions using refined distractors is to boost the knowledge obtained by the generated distractors compared to unsupervised distractors.
Analyzer identifies the supertype and modifier from the definition using constituency, parse trees, and correlated rules using their syntactic interpretations.
purpose of Meta-Adapt-Rank is to synthesize higher-quality weak separation and find more useful weak data to train neural IR models. It contains weak data synthesis, data selection, and neural IR training processes.
main difference between form document understanding and conventional sequence understanding is that form documents contain various different layout structures, such as columns, tables, and text blocks, making it extremely difficult to properly serialize the text in a document.
technology introduced in 2018 involving an autoencoder potentiates an alternative representation of the original floating point vectors, which require much less memory, and importantly, potentiates a very fast Hamming distance between those codes.
best results obtained in experiment 4 are obtained in experiments 1, 2, and 3, where the contextualized word vectors incorporate at least one word of the same context.
efficiency ratio is a metric's ability to give a more accurate pairwise prediction than humans if the bias is small.
techniques could be used to constrain the optimization problem of zero-shot cross-single transfer, including using layer-wise parameter linear interpolation and changing the weighted average scalar to favor one model over the other.
proposed novel dataset for ESP-D consists of predator segments, with a maximum number of predator chats per chat.
model captures the structure and interdependence of facts in the knowledge graph by leveraging the power of transformer-based pre-trained language models with additional position embedding, which includes a triple row and tree-level embeddings to capture the graph structure.
six-step procedure involves preparing a pre-trained language model and its pre-training corpus, selecting larger chain models for generation tasks, tagging pre-train corpus by post tagger, sorting lungs in descending order by their frequencies, sorting these lungs in ascending order, selecting lungs ranging from top 40% to 60%, and randomly generating sentences with the selected lungs.
ural is a word-based model pre trained on 17 different Indian languages. It was used as a model for the experiment.
copy-augmented network performs well on the DESI dataset, as shown in the table.
recommendation for producing faithful explanations out of domain is to use the rationale extractor, which is responsible for extracting the rationale from the full text, and the classifier trained only on the rationales on an end task and as such is inherently faithful.
equation for normalized demand looks like this: the demand for a technology in language L is derived by people who speak that language, ul, and this is summed over L, all of the languages in the world.
experiments were conducted on the EMLP WMT News dataset and the common used PTP data.
two conditions that need to be fulfilled for adapting to a low-resource target domain from a high-resource domain are domain shared knowledge and domain specimen knowledge.
unified optimization scheme in the LVM approach based on the EAM algorithm estimates the latent variable's distribution and optimizes the model parameters given the estimated distribution.
two core problems that need to be solved for language-agnostic meta-learning in TTS are the mismatch in the input space and huge data need.
three main use cases of the Sparks system are for inspiration, translation, and misinterpretation.
adversarial training in the proposed approach involves employing a discriminator which tries to classify the representations of the low-level module to their specific language. The generator tries to fool the discriminator by preventing no language-specific information.
Beats uses an entity normalizer to map P38 to the ontogene identifier 1432, which has a higher recall compared to the whole PubMed base.
team that got first rank in the Tamil English dataset for abuse command detection took several steps, including pre-processing strategies, removing punctuation, stop words, and also being used in the chat task for the result.
T5 is a sequence-to-sequence transformer model that has shown amazing transfer learning capabilities on a variety of NLP tasks. It differs from other fact verification systems in that it consists of three stages: document retrieval, sentence selection, and label prediction.
researchers measured the importance of tokens in a sentence by iteratively masking each input token and adding up the saliency for each context token. Their assumption was that if a word contributes strongly to the prediction of many other words, then it is relatively important.
goal of the research presented in this paper is to design automated methods to suggest which part of the slides to emphasize by relying on textual content.
SCAT dataset is a human-annotated dataset created to evaluate the effectiveness of context-aware machine translation models in disambiguating ambiguous pronouns and word stanzas. It was created by analyzing the supporting context words selected by translators by looking at where these words are in the current sentence or three sentences before, whether it is an English source or French target word.
state-of-the-art metrics include comets, prism, blur, BERT score, traditional lexical metrics like BLUR, CHRF, TER, etc., as well as dynamic corpus filtering.
mention flag improved the constraint-satisfaction ratio in the common sense generation experiment by providing a strong signal to satisfy all constraints before completing the generation.
paper focuses on constructing a hierarchical structure knowledge-based recommendation dialog dataset and dialog system for providing in-depth and concrete information for the selected target.
developers applied three different strategies to minimize developer bias when collecting data for DALC. Each strategy can be seen as bottom-up strategies to collect data.
flow model outperforms conventional image captioning models, which are designed to generate short pieces of text for an image, and confirms that designing a specific observation model is necessary for report generation.
search space of commands in the algorithm described in the meeting transcript is defined as the output space of the semantic parser, which is fed through two functions: a semantic parser and a denotation function.
difference between formality transfer and polarity swap in terms of meaning alteration is that formality transfers may produce its negative counterpart for the task defined as polarity swapping or turn it into the formal one for formality transferring.
two distinct data sources used in this project are the Europol corpus and the DGD corpus, both of which are sentence aligned and consist of more than five million sentence pairs.
performance of models trained with surface forms of constraints is much better than those trained with lemmatized constraints.
relative slot accuracy can strictly penalize the situation that the model does not correctly predict any slots, while slot accuracy rewards the model's correct prediction. As a turn progresses and the model makes correct predictions, the proposed metric shows incremental performance improvement aligned with human intuition.
common classes of errors found in the evaluation of situation graphs are linguistic variability and polarity error.
proposed methods for building evaluation metrics in open domain dialogue include considering the similarity of generated responses with conversational context, such as discriminative metrics.
paper proposes a new method to generate entity type labels with a basket language model that can address problems with existing methods such as inking mentions to knowledge bases or head-word supervision.
model separates syntactic and semantic information during training by reconstructing the target sentence at the bottom from an input paraphrase with the correct semantics but different syntax, and an exemplar in the top right that has the correct syntax but different semantics. The paraphrases are taken from annotated data, and the exemplars are retrieved automatically using a shallow syntactic parser.
Tamil language is a very old language with transcriptions from 905 BC to 696 BC. It uses agglutinative grammar and uses suffixes to indicate noun class or number or cases, verb tense, and other grammatical categories. It may be a Tamil classical literary style based on the ancient language and modern literary or formal style.
proposed method aims to predict a binary label for each output token to indicate if it is hallucinated content or not, which allows us to flag potential risks of a deployed model.
motivation behind the paper is to address the ambiguity and time-consuming nature of existing SECA methods in identifying emotion course spans from text.
methodology involved pre-processing social media tweets, extracting features, processing them with the BERT robot, and applying a voting ensembler to classify hope speech and non-hope speech.
proposed method was evaluated using three automatic metrics: accuracy, fluency, and Pearson's scar.
proposed framework explores a convex whole representation of sequence semantics in an n-dimensional semantic Euclidean space and defends a series of indicators to capture the impact of attention on sequence semantics.
top-ranked quote in the prompt about Elizabeth's frustration towards her mother is about "the irony" and refers to the fact that Lydia is frightening away Elizabeth's suitors.
itask learning has been adopted to low-resources NLP tasks and previous work for cross-lingual summarization used transformers as baseline models, using separate decoders to share the encoder.
taining data for mind reading tests is often slow and expensive, requiring full class sessions led by a trained assistant and scoring by trained psychologists. Measuring the quality of the data is also non-trivial, as it requires constant measuring of agreement and updating the instructions.
summarization tool demonstrated in the meeting transcript provides a scrollbar region that provides a global view of all annotations in the document and allows users to directly navigate by clicking on relevant content in the summary.
dominant bilingual translation has several challenges, including requiring a tremendous number of bilingual models to enable translation for multiple languages, inability to access bilingual data of many language pairs, and making it hard to build translation models.
motivation behind creating a conversational agent for therapeutic counseling is to tackle the rising concerns in mental health, which affects about 5% of the global adult population and as well as the lack of trained professionals who can diagnose such mental health conditions.
network design is designed as symmetric, where the sign of u1 and u2, absolute difference, cosine similarity, and prefix future are concatenated to get an antonym score, the relation future r goes through an MLP, and the prediction is also symmetric.
is important to move beyond linear analogy in benchmarking models because previous benchmarks are not explainable so as to reveal the actual human-like analogical reasoning process.
antical labeling is defined informally as automatically answering the question who did what to whom, where, when, and how. Its key elements include predicate identification, identifying parts of the sentence called arguments that are semantically linked to a given predicate, and assigning a semantic relation called semantic role to each predicate argument pair.
general workflow of the spelling corrections introduced in the transcript involves auto splitting, tokenizing input queries into tokens, and using classifiers to find the confidence of the top 1 candidate.
attribute value extraction model used a baseline that is a combination of a lookup model and a classification model. For the lookup model, 1,200 most frequent attributes and all possible values were manually identified. For other attributes, a spacey lookup matcher was used to identify if a specific attribute is present or not.
effect of prosody on finding sentence boundaries will be tested by running a baseline, where a parser knows where the sentence is beginning and ending, and taking that same parser and running it with one turn at a time.
ans associate temporal features with verbs according to Shirai's aspect hypothesis, but conflicting context will cause a delay in processing. Prepositions and adverbs of time hold such values, but direct objects not so much. Concerning duration, it has been shown that stative is a more complex concept for humans because it requires the ability to understand what separates an action from a state, what is infiniteness.
paper aims to fill the gap in Spanish clinical NLP by training from scratch biomedical and clinical transformer-based pre-trained language models, and to assess the effectiveness of domain-specific language models trained from scratch over several clinical name-entity recognition tasks.
proposed model is span-based and can recognize regular entities and discontinuous entities, as well as non-overlapped and continuous entities.
purpose of the heuristic-based data augmentation is to recover partially from 89.6 to 82.3 and augment with a T5 model to generate Disfluencies on unannotated data.
mixup is performed on the input level by preserving the locality of input text by span-based mixing and keeping more tokens related to prediction by computing them saliency scores.
DNA perspective shows no explicit feature, while the lexicon perspective shows every clue in the latent space called implicit feature.
additional similarity relation constraint improves learning in dense passage retrieval by allowing it to better learn the similarity relations among query, positive passages, and negative passages.
Former generates task conditional adapter layers and layer normalization inside the adapters by computing a task embedding ITA and feeding ITA to a set of hypernetworks.
TAN framework consists of alphabets A, B, C, D, and E representing different parts in the framework. In part A, the input document is taken as a sequence of tokens to conserve temporal information. The embedding dictionary essentially maps tokens to its corresponding representation in their space. These input document representations in embedding space is processed through LSTM to capture the semantic dependency between the tokens.
training process for this model can be divided into three stages: FFN-kill-bird without predictors on downstream paths, jointly training the bird and predictors, and offloading predictors and only using them in the last stage.
approach taken in this paper to improve out-of-distribution generalization involves constructing a counterfeiture data set as data augmentation to improve the current model, followed by data enrichment with counterfeiture examples to ensure that models can learn real cultural associations between the input text and labels.
main contribution of this work involved utilizing ARTMOVED distance to compute the semantic similarities of two sentences, which computes the efforts required to match two distributions in NLP. Several evaluation metrics such as word mover distance, mover score were developed based on the EMD concept.
proposed method involves replacing each word in a sentence with an unknown token and parsing the sentence with the target parser, computing the decrease of parser's performance, and generating substitute candidates for all the words.
three methods used in gain and loss subtasks are lexical substitution, mask mask, and loss detection.
paper systematically evaluates BERT and Distil-Roberta combined with several uncertainty-based query strategies on active learning for text classification, finding that the supposedly strongest baseline prediction entropy is not so strong as expected, and Breaking ties consistently outperforms prediction entropy in multi-class scenarios. Finally, Distil andRoberta achieves results close to BERT while using only 25% of the parameters.
coreference resolution task involves identifying all coreference relations in a document. Current datasets face challenges such as overfitting, singletons, and missing markables in the Ontonotes family.
goal of ESPD research is to develop a novel data set that allows studying grooming, providing an experimental setup to the research community complete with evaluation, and discussing the limitations of the use data and ethical considerations of the task itself.
OTA is evaluated with two evaluation settings. The first looks at the morphological quality of FLOTA or the resulting segmentations. It extracts all complex words, so all derivatives and compounds that have exactly two morphological elements, so prefixes, stems, or suffixes, that are both in the tokenizer vocabulary.
objective function of the text rewriting algorithm proposed in this paper is to find the x adb with which the summation of x could be high, which could result in higher scores and more profits.
purpose of using graph attention networks in COVA's pipeline is to exploit syntactic structure in the web page along with visual appearance and contextual information, and to show interpretability using attention visualizations.
purpose of using a knowledge-enriched AMR graph in information extraction from biomedical literature is to accelerate the procedure of discovering new knowledge and be useful for urgent downstream applications.
existing measures of semantic similarity and factuality perform poorly in detecting insertion, deletion, and substitution errors.
popular applications of NLP in the privacy domain include data practice identification and choice identification. These applications aim to make policies available in a more usable format to consumers, regulators, and developers.
drawbacks of trigger-based ED models include the identification and classification of trigger words, inability to explicitly model the correlation between multiple events in one sentence, and inability to leverage hierarchical structure information of event type and subtype. This paper addresses these issues by using a sequence-to-sequence model for even graph parsing without the need for identifying trigger words.
motivation behind using sequential transfer learning is to pre-train a language model on a larger scale on labeled data and then fine-tune it on downstream tasks with labeled data, which is widely adopted because of its simplicity and flexibility.
limitations of the study include the lack of systematic understanding of dialect disparity across a wider range of NLU tasks, as well as the need for a data-driven method for capturing it.
proposed methodology involves training a tiny user-specific vector through input embeddings of transformers and using the final hidden states for classification, parameterizing the vector with an NLP layer for better expressive ability, and adopting a two-stage training strategy.
joint top-k approach conditioning the T5 decoder by using a pre-trained LM model initialized with BERT weights, which is then fine-tuned using question-answer pairs.
most difficult aspect of the task according to the evaluation results was extracting quantities, which were scattered throughout sentences or in other parts of text.
MAC handles overlapping structures better than ChessE, as shown in the table.
researchers observed that not all language pairs are predicted the same, with closer languages and higher resource pairs better predicted, though this is mitigated when using multilingual neural models, likely because there is transfer learning.
advantage of using Gaussian embedding over point embedding is that it can easily optimize the distribution leading to suboptimal performance.
proposed framework to train DST models robustly from noisy labels involves introducing an auxiliary model to generate pseudo-labels for the training set, combining the pseudo-lars and valid labels to train a primary model, and using a simple auxiliary model on a relatively small clean dataset to reduce overfitting.
problem with the current similarity evaluation according to this paper is that the word and sentence pairs contain multifaceted relations, and the concept of similarity and relatedness is not well defined.
major contribution of the proposed approach for offensive language detection is a simple domain adaptation approach based on bidirectional transformers that effectively exploits useful information from auxiliary data sources.
ification is the task of predicting the veracity of a claim by finding evidence and reasoning whether the claim is supported or refuted by it. factual error correction seeks to make meaning-altering changes to the claim so that it becomes better supported by evidence.
common assumption regarding monolingual embedding spaces is that the distances between their embeddings should be language-agnostic, which means that they should be isomorphic. This assumption led to many applications, such as bilingual lexical induction, cross-lingual transfer learning, and even unsupervised machine translation.
task of Chinese 6 labeling is predicting labels for each union in a sequence. Several tasks can be regarded as 6 labeling tasks, such as Chinese word segmentation, Chinese post tagging, Chinese named entity recognition.
authors pre-processed the data by converting all tokens to lowercase, removing symbols from the text, and removing stop words using the spaCy library in Python. They also included custom stop words such as like and try.
purpose of ISOscore is to measure isotropy in embedding space and to challenge and extend the current literature on isotropy and contextualized learning methods.
accurate modeling of user interest is the core task of personalized news recommendation, and it is difficult to model user interest accurately due to diverse and multi-grand user interest.
two characteristics that ECI task data should satisfy are property causality and well-formedness.
other frameworks that use weak labels in comparison to noddle include NODL, which is a framework for modular weekly supervised learning with PyTorch.
Pinterest memes are much more diverse than Facebook memes, which consisted mainly of an image with a white impact font, so a traditional form of a meme.
purpose of the Siberian Indian Finnish Speech Corpus project is to document and revitalize several indigenous languages from the region by developing software that meets the requirements of the LexinNet system, including accessible source code, annotation in Elon annotation file format, parser processing data from annotations to database, web application, and database.
trade-off between structure and power in modeling character-level transduction tasks can be observed across different dimensions, including language modeling capacity, controllability of learning, and search mechanism.
lexical semantic probing tasks were conducted to test hypotheses about BERT's representations.
purpose of building separate graphs for each scale in the proposed model architecture is to represent clip-level visual features and perform relational reasoning when interaction at the same scale.
purpose of the SVO probes dataset is to answer the question of whether SODA multimodal transformers have fine-grained verb understanding.
MDUCT aims to improve the prediction of reference-based evaluation metrics through three parts: reliability prediction, prediction, and high-quality references augmentation.
task variance regularization improves the generalization performance of multitask learning models by minimizing the losses of some tasks and underfitting in others.
discourse phenomena that cannot be expressed by trees include discourse connectives, where the extent and location of arguments are not restricted in this framework.
proposed method for improving age classification on low-resource data sets is called TTNA, which uses a transformer-based domain-aware n-gram adapter.
saturation-based moderation framework aims to improve the accuracy of already trained or deployed classifiers that do not reach satisfactory accuracies on their own by combining an artificial new network with human moderation.
motivation behind the proposed Intermittent Short Extension Ensemble (IC) is to generate diverse training experiences for dialogue systems by building a diversified user model ensemble, aka DUE, with imitation learning.
method recognizes induced emotions in texts by looking for two-term pairs that contain a text and its GIF reaction. This kind of reaction is very common on social media and automatically recognizes that this GIF is a hug reaction, so we know that the text induced a feeling of love and caring in the reader. Hug is just one of many other reaction categories.
tasks proposed in the field of emotion analysis include emotion classification, emotion cost extraction, target-dependent classification and emotion intensity prediction. The common point among them is that existing emotion detection tasks have a common point, where emotion categories are represented with one-hot vectors and the relations among emotions are ignored.
challenges in capturing in-text relational effects include understanding an entity comprehensively, considering its connected entities and diverse relations among them, and considering complex reasoning patterns in text.
purpose of Turing's explanation module is to provide an explanation about how exactly it generates the value. It returns multiple hypotheses ordered based on confidence, allowing users to skim through options and easily use their own judgment to identify the correct hypotheses.
main results of the study on visual dialogue models are that the dialogue state representations of models trained on the VisDial dataset encode shared knowledge, although they vary across turns.
objective function of the minimal risk training model is to minimize the expected risk concerning the conditional probability by modeling the relation between central predictions and the true labels.
Veritas dataset was consolidated to facilitate annotation sessions and identify the source article for each checked claim, resulting in the final version of Veritas, which is openly available.
potential privacy benefit of using bag of words count corpora is that local differentially private algorithms can apply random noise in a specific way to release resulting noise counts knowing that you've privatized the data according to a particular notion of privacy.
annotation process for the NRC relied on 2,000 native and fluent English speakers who answered a series of questions regarding the emotion terms. The directions were made ambiguous on purpose to minimize by asking the subject's judgments.
authors assume that although no query is specified, they compose summaries to respond to some latent queries, which could be potentially induced.
adapter-based tuning consistently improves performance on the GLUE benchmark under low-resource settings.
NeuralSPJ operator performs query-focused information extraction from facts by returning extractive or abstractive answers given a sequence of texts.
study finds that the extractability of information from different sets of representations is dependent on the number of representations present in the model's representations.
experimental setup used back of words model while extracting the feature, TF-IDF, bigram model, and linear kernel. Cross-validation technique was used while training the model, while creating the model for development phase.
purpose of probing in language models is to detect and understand how linguistic structures are encoded in large pre-trained language models.
plan can help with the generation of high level plot structures by encoding all the actions in the middle domain and making sure that they are consistent with the beginning and end of the story.
authors preprocessed the subpubmet articles by converting them to XML versions and doing SX parsing to get summary and documents. They also did a noun intersection between summary and noun to get all three articles.
datasets used in the experiments are stereoset and cross-space. Diagnostic datasets suffer from severe conceptual and operational issues, while diagnostic datasets by their nature also suffer from lack of coverage of certain manifestations of stereotypes in text.
loss control algorithm in this study is designed by doing dynamic programming on the model outputs. It includes an extra token called epsilon, which enables the model to generate shorter and shorter summaries.
isting researches formulate this task as a problem of sentence pair scoring and computes the textual similarity between the two arguments as the result. However, the interaction of argumentation is beyond text matching.
proposed solution in the Piglet paper is to learn grounded language in the world through interaction and connect it to the external world through symbols.
purpose of the study is to understand what humans incrementally compute during online sentence processing and investigate whether recent findings on computational models of human sentence processing can be generalized across languages.
proposed framework incorporates schema information through a pre-trucking learning stage and the process of review, which helps a learner consolidate difficult concepts that haven't been grasped very well.
three triggers used to determine expected contextualization are frequency, frequency, and frequency. These triggers were applied to homonymous words in the LM Explorer.
study found that zero-shot cross-lingual learning is not a feasible solution for hate speech detection due to the high presence of language and target-specific taboo interjections, which are commonly used in non-hateful contexts and are not directly translatable.
proposed solution to overcome the limitations of knowledge distillation-based methods in non-auto-regressive generation is post-constrained parallel decoding (PostPD), which trains a post-predictor to obtain post-talks of target sequence and constrains the NEC models to choose the final output that satisfies the pre-specified post-sequence.
success rate of attacks on the fine-tune embedding approach for the solid dataset is around 0.5%, indicating that it is effective in mitigating offensive language.
authors proposed a cascade of neural models combined with rule-based methods to tackle three subtasks in a tight pipeline. They extracted additional information for each sentence in the pre-processing step and used rules to identify a special unit and subdivide two pairs of similar units also by rules.
authors evaluate the effectiveness of their generated graphs by comparing node wise roots compared to label and from their first set of experiments with Rooch, finding that giving context is important for language models to construct better situation graphs.
authors use two different approaches, X2Sent and X2StaticStaticSent, to improve the syntax context vector.
study compares in-domain BERT-based language models such as BioBERT and PubMedBERT with T5 and its variant SciFive, which is trained on biomedical text, text specifically PubMed abstract. They also explore the use of multitask fine-tuning on 10 biomedical relation extraction datasets.
derived metrics used in the study include mean squared error, mean F1 score, and mean squared squared error.
purpose of the evaluation conducted in this study was to evaluate whether training on Syb Augmented Data improves model accuracy more than those trained on invariant augmented data, whether Syb transformations are more effective at inducing model misclassification, and whether models trained on Symb data enjoyed improved robustness to adversarial attacks versus those trained
dataset for the paper was obtained by using publicly available corpora from Wikipedia common code. All texts associated with the VRS pre-trained Neural model were passed to get 768-dimensional feature vector for each of them and then finally feed it to the final node for prediction.
proposed method computes continuously evolving embeddings by taking frequent snapshots of the current state of the global embedding matrix at any time, allowing for arbitrary alignment of the diachronic embedding matrices afterwards.
GCRC dataset is a new challenging dataset collected from Gaokao Chinese. All questions in it are of high quality and high difficulty.
model for the shared task was trained using robota, a pre-trained model with a linear correlation coefficient of Pearson correlation coefficient. Four additional layers were added to the augmented data, including the original data, the first linear layer, the second layer, and the third layer. The model was denoted as the original model after tokenization and fine-tuning on the data.
purpose of the control generation task is to evaluate the learned representations using a suite of evaluation metrics, which target various aspects of disentangled representations.
poral knowledge graphs are an augmentation of a knowledge graph where each fact has a temporal scope which is a start time and an end time. In cases where this is disjoint, they can represent it using multiple temporal facts.
parse transcription is a method for extracting missing data from a language, which differs from traditional transcription practices in that it involves extracting the missing data and using it to create new language technologies. This differs from standard transcription practices, which involve extracting the original language from the ground up with speakers.
purpose of controlled text generation is to continue the prompt in a way that is still fluent but avoids degenerating into toxicity.
paper describes several analysis of features that contribute to enthusiastic behavior, including higher mean pitch occurring more often in enthusiastic samples, lower mean pitch values being more frequent in monotonous samples, and statistical analysis of relevant features. It hopes that researchers will be able to develop better multimodal models to detect enthusiasm, as well as to generate enthusiastic intelligent agents.
purpose of including trigger information in the prompt design of Xgear is to guide the model to generate predictions that are language-agnostic and play an important role to map different languages to the same space for handling language discrepancy.
authors introduce a simple method for measuring visual commonsense knowledge, which is based on two zero-shot mask-language text-only tasks that have been created from two already existing datasets. They also evaluate a set of baselines with this method.
participants used two datasets, the Princeton WordNet and BabelNet, to evaluate systems' ability to discriminate contextual meanings.
authors verified the motivation that synonymous choices should receive similar scores by calculating semantic probability rather than sentence probability.
approach can localize heavily occluded objects, groundless regions, and distinguish among in referring image segmentation.
proposed model improves relation construction among complex schema domains by incorporating dialog-aware dynamic sort relation features and employing a unified model containing schema agnostic parameters to make predictions.
paper focuses on the task of fixed-length text summarization (FLS), which requires output summaries to have a preset number of characters.
difference between precision and recall in the context of fair and proof writer models is that precision is more reliable than recall, while recall is more faithful.
strategy is effective in domain adaptation translation tasks, as shown by the results of applying the strategy.
purpose of ADAPTLR is to show the trade-off between speedup and performance in two different classification tasks.
authors estimate the reconstruction error induced by the k-spawn dimension dk by denoting εk, which can be efficiently computed as equation 3. The λi here are the singular values of M, and their reconstruction error and the compression ratio are computed in equation 4 and 5.
characteristics of language-specific subnetwork found in analytic experiments include the ability to select a specific subnetwork for each language direction, which is important for extracting important weights for specific language pairs, the yellow and blue weights, and the blue weights.
two main data sets used in this work are Fiverr and Multi-FC.
greatest challenge in existing cross-modal pre-training methods is how to align and define different modalities. Several existing methods try to align visual and textual representations by simply image-text matching, but they randomly sample a negative image or text from the same training batch for each image pair.
authors propose a new method called CAUSAL, which consists of two stages: sampling two external causal statements and taking each of them as a target to learn their causal patterns, and transferring the causal patterns learned in the first stage to the ECI model based on contrastive modeling.
QNL linking system is an end-to-end system that provides structured views and related claims for each COVID-19-related claim. It enhances linking performance by allowing users to understand the stand, claims, and context with more efficiency.
authors propose a model based on question generation to generate evidence claim pairs for fact verification. They first select a name and entity as the answer, then use a question generation model to generate a question for this answer, and then convert this question and answer pair into a supported claim.
authors take a complementary stance and analyze the differences between the representational spaces produced by BERT and those of the MT objective to understand the underlying dynamics that are making both methods incompatible. They then attempt to align these spaces and investigate whether such alignment would reshape the BERT representation space.
main contribution of this study is that context-aware machine translation models are useful for disambiguating hard translations such as ambiguous pronouns or word stanzas, especially for pronoun anaphora resolution.
lexical and dense architecture approaches for retrieval in legal information retrieval are limited in terms of their ability to deal with complex legal languages and require an inherent interpretation system that can translate natural questions to legal questions that match the terminology of statutes.
cross-attention module is plugged into the transformer encoder-decoder model during fine-tuning to better capture the interdependence between paired inputs.
purpose of APE is to be added to state-of-the-art ODQA models with minimum change of architecture and can be trained on a single GPU.
three different Temple extensions proposed by TimeLover are Temple immodulation of relation features, inclusion-based architectures, and cycle-aware time encoding scheme.
study found that contrastive explanations improved task performance when compared to a model that does not use explanations and a model using a prompt which is a clarification question. A model trained on more data like T5 tends to further improve performance, and a larger model like the T5 11 billion model also further improves performance.
removal of the cross-attention layer in Sembop leads to a significant drop in performance compared to the autoregressive decoding scheme.
can build better datasets for hate speech detection models by evaluating the granular strengths and weaknesses of benchmark datasets sampled from just a few set of platforms at particular points in time, using specific keywords to search for content with.
proposed one-to-set paradigm treats the target keyphrases as a set rather than a sequence and only pays attention to whether the model predicts the correct keyphriases and not the order of the predictions. For the model architecture, several control codes are introduced to guide the generation. Each control code corresponds to a keyphrase, and we can make a prediction for each control code in parallel.
numeric query is defined as a function F that applies to a data set and outputs real valued vectors. It can return to item vector of real numbers or reveal information about a specific data set.
prosody can help with finding sentence boundaries in spoken dialogue by providing rich prosodic features that help disambiguate sentence boundaries and disfluencies.
apters are lightweight modules that can be inserted into transformer layers for parameter-efficient transfer learning. One adapter module has one down-projection layer and one up-projectION layer, while during learning, the main network is frozen while only adapter parameters are trainable. Adding 2% extra adapter parameters achieves pretty good results on SQuAD dataset.
system presented in the meeting transcript scrapes tweets every day, which are then pre-processed and passed through all function modules.
purpose of the study is to investigate a different medium of natural language processing, typed text, and propose multimodal models that contextualize typed text with their typing speeds and app usage.
meaning of "adaptive" and "compositional" in the approach of adaptive compositional modules is that for every new task, the approach is able to compose old modules and newly added modules.
proposed method for detecting coverage errors in translations involves using contrastive conditioning, which analyzes properties of a translation without speaking the target language and scores the translation using an NMT model to find out which source sequences are more likely for the translation. This allows us to learn something about the translation given the characteristics of the most likely source sequence.
three measurements used to rate the generated language are fluency, attractiveness, and engagement. The model outperformed the gold standard by a relatively small margin.
proposed method achieves better results than other disentanglement-based methods in terms of generating related contents.
two tasks focused on in this research are the map task and the island task.
three approaches were proposed for fine-tuning the domain-specific part model in detecting depression levels: using the plain part model, fine tuning it with depression level data provided, and using the training data provided.
unique challenge of translating sounds into tonal languages is that you have to sing the output, align the lyrics positively with the music, so that it's singable and understandable. It's difficult to translate sounds into Mandarin because the pitch of a word's tone contributes to the meaning, and words with the same pronunciation but different tones may have completely unrelated meanings.
judgments of humans were helpful to improve the performance of detecting decisions using the proposed model.
LAPSE with SVM yielded an F1 score of 0.71, while combining it with TF-IDF yielded an accuracy of an i.71.
non-autoregressive architecture improves inference efficiency by using the search summary after training targets to train a machine learning model, which can largely improve inference efficiency.
authors conducted a large-scale empirical study to see the limitation of RNNG given more data using the syntax in test suite.
researchers used pre-trained fast text embeddings and concreteness judgments collected by Breispart and others to select the most concrete and abstract nouns for their study.
authors experimented with three models, including a standard encoder-decoder model, a transformer-based model, and a multi-encoder model.
bias benchmark dataset controls for possible confounds and biases not related to the social bias being measured by asking questions like "who is great at math?" and giving the model an option to give a less biased answer.
author's approach offers further benefits than other approaches in the field because it keeps the focus on the human because he or she still has a final decision-making power over the outcome, and writing is still primarily an individual action.
CNN strategy for merging the two types of representations stands for concatenation over average BERT representation, which stands for average normalization.
main take-outs of the experiments conducted in the paper include statistical machine translation being considerably better than neural machine translation in low-resource settings, and adding extra languages to train our models works really well.
proposed framework measures the difficulty between the dialogue context and the positive and negative responses by employing an independent non-interaction matching model with still encoder structure. To achieve this, it precomputes all context and responses' representation offline and stores them in cache for a faster training process.
drawbacks of using sequence labeling approach on AVE include the NER model working poorly when the number of attribute becomes large, the span of test being in free form, and extra steps to normalize the extracted values.
researchers used the abstractive summarization method to balance the class distribution in the training set. They set up five different degrees of balancing from using the original distribution to equal distribution of classes, and examined how this affects the performance of the BERT classifier.
purpose of course-affirm tuning in Dense phrases is to improve the performance of phrase and question representations in a multi-passage setting.
purpose of the rule-based script implemented in VisDial is to turn question-answer pairs into propositions and their negations.
proposed solution for improving cross-lingual understanding under zero-shot and few-shot settings is COSY, Counterfactual Syntax.
proposed framework for obtaining the influence function score of span in the sample-based explanation method involves identifying a span i,j in the training data Z and getting the following form: the influence of the training span i on the test example Z'. Further, the framework identifies the importance of training span k,l.
additional analysis shows that the difficulty of the formal to informal transformation is due to the use of blur and comment for the original input, as well as the swapping of references for the opposite direction.
contribution of this paper is proposing a task of investigating the performance of current OCR systems on low-resource languages, providing a novel benchmark of real and synthetic data in rich with noise, evaluating state-of-the-art OCR system on the benchmark and analyzing the results, and measuring the OCR impact on machine translation.
researchers' work on multi-document summarization included four domains, including inter-document similarity, redundancy, and position bias of important information in the documents.
main challenge in generating a reasonable answer using knowledge that doesn't appear in the inputs is the third ability.
dataset contains 950 memes, and it is imbalanced due to the lack of textual content and the need for multi-modal analysis.
green gear in the figure presented in the meeting transcript is significant because it allows the model to generate predictions that are language-independent and play an important role in handling language discrepancy.
observations made during error analysis with the best performing model, BERT-TE, include the fact that there is a lot of overlap between the human and the human entities, and that the human entity is not always the same.
authors ask three questions regarding the use of behavior testing for model training and development: sanity check, whether models generalize across test cases from the same functionality, and whether they over-fit to covert functionalities.
CONL scores plot shows that mentions are more likely to be clustered together in a way that does not prevent memory from exploding, indicating that there is still room for improvement in future work.
goal of the proposed adaptive passage encoder is to replace the original encoders in generative ODQA models by keeping the original model's parameter fix while overriding the layer-by-layer computation with an adaptive computation policy. Since only the adaptive computation mechanism needs to be trained, it can be trained on a single GPU.
naive extension of multilingual SEPFIRT works only to a certain extent because the language distribution of integer names in UMLs is extremely skewed.
two pre-trained language models utilized in the experiments are DCRAN and ELECTRA-LARGE. They significantly outperform previous state-of-the-art models in terms of absolute effectiveness and absolute effectiveness.
potential methods for long document processing mentioned in the text include incorporating structured abstracts or converting them into abstracts.
main motivation behind using hyperbolic geometry in word embeddings is that words form hierarchical structures and these structures are better embeddable than in Euclidean space.
two auxiliary tasks proposed in this work are numerical size relation and relative importance relation.
aim of generating faithful explanations in model explainability is to explain why a model predicted something, regardless of how intuitive it is.
authors' observation on the readability of model revisions compared to human revisions in tax revision is that they are unable to simultaneously comprehend multiple demands and constraints when producing well-written texts, and they turn towards making successive iterations of revisions to reduce the number of considerations at each time and improve the overall quality of their writings.
three common types of language used in tweets to convey stances are sarcasm, paraphrase, and paraphrase.
network structure of the presented model is based on the MVI framework, which can be divided into an inference network and a generation network.
authors demonstrate five applications of using instance-level difficulty analysis: efficient evaluations, dataset analysis to guide future data creation, model analysis to select the best model based on application requirements, and estimating out-of-domain performance reliably.
challenges of open domain dialogue systems include taking up to two minutes, being able to nudged to generate what we want by using just a single word, and being personalized to the user.
NEL is a neuro-symbolic approach for short-text entity linking that provides first-order logic operators such as LNN and LNN-OR operators. These operators are weighted real-valued versions of the classical logical operators and are used to translate user-provided Boolean value logic algorithms into LNN formalism.
proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art baselines in civilized and semi-civilized setups.
proposed architecture achieves lexicalization by independently generating corresponding phrases for each input fact in the aggregation stage.
authorship verification is tested in the study by labeling whether two utterances are written by the same or by different authors and looking at style as a result required to solve the task.
DP is a popular approach in database and security community that encodes each word via an embedding model such as BERT or GLOB. A replacement is then sampled based on the Euclidean distance of the embedding vector from other words to curcuminvents the curse of dimensionality in state-of-the-art.
team trained their bidirectional character language model for the sequence labeling task by retrieving phrases from the word embeddings surrounding each phrase and passing them into the CRF model based on its contextual string embedding.
authors did not use Open IE technology because it is not yet accurate enough for their purpose and only works well for highly extractive summaries.
main contribution of the paper is a novel 8-enhanced Bayesian graph convolutional network that adaptively controls the message passing based on Pareto belief of the observed graph to segregate fixed 8-wise in the propagation graph. The model achieves state-of-the-art performance on three real-world benchmark datasets from Twintel platform.
label-specific text representation in the proposed model for multi-label text classification is learned by randomly initialized the label representation C and computing label-aware attention values. Then, label-label-specific semantic components are induced based on label-guided attention. Two types of GCN are used to capture mutual interaction between the label-Specific semantic components, including statistical co-occurrency between labels and dynamic reconstruction graph.
modality discriminator is proposed to distinguish the source of inputs in the predictor layer. It uses a self-attention mechanism to reduce the dimension of the output of the shared by RSTM, then uses a gradient reversal layer before the softmax function to follow the discriminator.
three categories of biases identified are misogyny, gender and sexual orientation, race, nationality and religion, and disability and ableist stereotypes.
metrics used as reward systems in the study include Blender, Hugging Face, and Blender.
challenges faced by machine learning models in detecting false claims in low-resource languages include a scarce data or language lexicon, translation barriers which are indigenous to low-Resource language settings, and the need for sophisticated machine learning techniques that can address indigenous nuances.
weight k policy depends on k and gamma, and applies a transformation by using the sentence boundary indices to obtain the same behavior.
icit discourse relation classification is crucial for understanding the meaning of coherent text and beneficial to a variety of NLP tasks such as machine translation, question answering, and summarization.
Belgian statutory article retrieval dataset consists of more than 1100 legal questions posed by Belgian citizens covering a wide range of topics, from family, housing, money, to work and social security. Each question comes with a main category and a concatenation of subcategories, and each article has been labelled with their sub-sequence heading in the structure of the law.
paper focuses on signs produced in isolation rather than being part of a continuous conversation, specifically those with the highest discriminatory power.
retrieval modules significantly improve the performance of baseline models on the ART set compared to the A set.
purpose of introducing a causal logic-driven negative sampling in the training process is to improve the general understanding of the causal dependency between the cause and effect.
orthographic conventions of what define end of sentences are very different in Chinese and English, and concatenated sentence-like units with commas could lead to long sequences during testing.
scholar usually follows up with further discussion of the claim after citing evidence for their claim, which is often called the quote sandwich in high school English classes. The quotation from the novel is sandwiched in between the critics' own words and ideas.
-shot cross-lingual transfer is when a fine-tuned multilingual model can obtain reasonable performances on new languages without explicitly having been trained on them. It can often depend on several factors, which we shall see soon.
experiments are conducted on three datasets: BlueScore, SPICE, and SPICE. BlueScore is used to transcribe speech captions, while SPICE is used for image captioning and speech synthesis.
rough learning curriculum for language models involves training a verta on different numbers of words, sampling four subsets of it of different sizes ranging from 1 million to 1 billion words, and using the same model size for all subsets except for the 1 million word one, which was per trained on roughly 30 million words.
paper focuses on analyzing how non-expert users can write better instructions and proposing several reframing techniques to create such prompts. The authors observe important features for successful instructional prompts, which notably improves few-shot and zero-shot learning performance across a series of models.
paper highlights three problems related to probing representations for NLP tasks: the boundary between probing task and NLP task, the use of more complex probing tasks, and how to interpret probing results.
PPTOT performs the best among all generation-based approaches on intent classification with varying training samples for different events.
vision Related Instruction is a method proposed to alleviate the high manual annotation cost of neural network-based Related Instruction methods. It uses the assumption that if two entities have a relation in KBS, then among all sentences that contain these two entities, at least one will express this relation. It can merge sentences sharing a same entity pair into a bag, then automatically annotate it with the relation in the large base.
special kind of uncertainty in NLP is called intrinsic uncertainty, where the neural model cannot decide which output is correct due to missing training data, inadequate training loss, optimizer being stuck in a local optimum, or the model not being big enough.
cognition dataset was constructed by synthesizing new source sentences which contain normal compounds, using Berkeley parser to obtain constituent trees, and stanza to obtain part of speech tagging.
team's models obtained an unweighted F1 score of 0.96 for the code mix Thamel dataset and 0.95 for the Thamel datasets.
raw Wikipedia data tends to be unsegmented text at or above the paragraph level, which makes it difficult to train multilingual models.
depthwise convolutions significantly improve the performance of BERT models compared to other methods, such as self-attention and dynamic lightweight convolutions.
proposed model for detecting undefined classes in text classification involves three steps: training prototypical network on predefined classes to learn a mapping function, inferring pairs of examples in other class to distinguish multiple undefined classes, and conducting joint learning on both predefined and undefined classes.
BSL model is a bootstrapped sentence-embedded learning approach that outperforms prior unsupervised baselines on various benchmarks. It does not need any negative sampling process and is less sensitive to changes in batch size. Additionally, it can be easily extended for learning multilingual sentence repetitions.
importance of developing assistive technologies for minority language communities is to defuse technology as a digital time bomb and provide new ways to document the language and maintain and revive the language, and allow for an inclusive approach to language education and Irish as a community language.
main contribution of the paper is the first comprehensive analysis of adapters for multilingual speech translation.
purpose of the study presented in this transcript is to address the insufficient sample diversity problem in view-short event detection by leveraging external knowledge.
main focus of ArcFuse is to build an event argument extraction system pertaining to the document-level, which requires advanced natural language acquisition skills.
three main dimensions of coordination, purviews, and constraints to establish grounding are: coordination and grounding, dynamic grounding, and human-in-the-loop error correction.
WordNet datasets for English and German and four benchmark datasets containing English word pairs were used for evaluation and comparison in the study.
ptory morphology is the task of predicting the set of morphological properties for each word in a sequence. It can be performed in both supervised and unsupervised settings.
advantage of using BEAT Defense over spellcheckers and the SCRNN approach by Bruti et al. is that it combines classical Levenstein distance approaches with BEAT for masked language modeling to more effectively defend against a broad range of low-level adversarial attacks.
purpose of the study is to analyze whether pre-trained language models encode within the representation of a predicate those features that are related to predicate sentences and argument structures.
scrambled language models learn to use the inductive bias provided by position embeddings by digging deeper into the original position and acquiring a bit of information about the original word order.
challenges in combining neural language models include the coding language model being not flexible and suitable for different language modules, and introducing too many parameters. The proposed modules address these challenges by introducing a new Topic module called Autoencoding Topic module with Minstrel PL-MATM, which assumes that the latent variable theta of different documents may come from different class styles, which is a basic thought to discover data diversity from clubs automatically.
Moral Integrity Corpus is a data resource and model benchmarked to explain agents' normative judgments in chitchat dialogue systems. Its purpose is to help understand the intuitions, values, and moral judgments that are latent in dialogue systems, which may be at best morally incoherent and harmful.
threshold value for the Levenstein distance was chosen because it is the largest in the world and has been used in previous work on NER.
dataset used in this work is from Mustafa Zadeh et al. 2016 and contains 20 K-verb tokens with the top 3 most frequent verbs having a frequency of 2%. Additionally, the top 5 most frequent bigrams and trigrams have frequency of less than 0.3% demonstrating the lexical diversity of the stories even though the dataset was created by a small number of workers.
authors asked themselves three research questions regarding context-aware machine translation models: first, what context is useful to disambiguate hard translations such as ambiguous pronouns or word stanzas? Second, are context-awareness machine translation algorithms paying attention to the relevant context or not? And three, if not, can we encourage them to do so?
unit-wise weight regularizer is proposed to constrain the weights to point in a similar direction to the pre-trained model, which improves performance even on lower resource languages like Swahili.
potential paths for further improvement in objective summarization include improving the performance of the model, mitigating exposure bias due to cross-entropy loss used in training, and evaluating the model with n-gram-based metrics at the summary level.
motivation behind the research presented in the meeting transcript is to give legal layman's the possibility to get an idea of what's going on there and allow their analysis in the next step.
matching behavior in QML line was mostly done by 3 self-attention matrix layers, heads 07, 19, and 26.
outputs from layers can be used for simpler tasks in a BERT model, such as image classification.
typical NLI training pipeline currently uses a bird-like model and does self-supervised pre-training on a huge unlabeled dataset, intermediate supervised pre-processing using some big general NLI dataset, and actual fine-tuning on the target task, which is often a rather small specific dataset.
study built probel classifiers based on logistic regression for simplicity and explainability reasons. Binary toxicity classifiers were trained on hate speech and abusive language datasets. The datasets do not share the same annotation scheme, but they normalize the annotations into toxic and non-toxic.
proposed metric for evaluating span prediction performance is restriction-oriented span evaluation. It considers span is correct when the number of correct prediction tokens is greater than a sensible proportion of the span length.
experiment was conducted in three settings: the main test set, extreme test set (which filters out test samples with overlapping descriptions with trending data), and the test set for out-of-domain.
focus of the analyses performed in this work on idiom processing for transformer in MT is on the interaction between idioms components, the interaction of the idiom and context, and the source target interaction.
three datasets used for evaluation are SciQ, Common Sense QA, and Q-ASK. SciQ contains more specific questions and is therefore more complicated than the other two.
dataset for the context-sensitivity estimation task was built using a publicly available civil comments dataset, or 2C, where the parent post was not shown to the original annotators.
types of questions can be asked in compositional intervals in the DVD benchmark, such as injecting a spatial relation in front of the brown shiny things in an atomic interval question.
proposed model for natural language generation outperforms T5 by a large margin, according to the authors' evaluation.
paper proposes a reservoir transformer that can be trained faster or shorter with few parameters and get better results, and its reservoir layer improves the training efficiency and appears to generalize better. This works so well that the noisy in the training may help generalization, and the detrimental noise can be removed by subsequent layers.
entailment relation between captions with different levels of descriptiveness is discussed in a human analysis between them.
approach adopted for privatizing potentially sensitive corpora involves taking bag of words counts, applying random noise in a specific way, and releasing the resulting noise counts knowing that you've privatized the data according to a particular notion of privacy.
libmultilabel package is used to check the progress of parameter selection and ensure strong baselines are utilized to ensure strong parameter selection.
performance of the proposed transformer variant was tested on three datasets, including BERT, BERT-2, and WMT-3. The results showed that the transformer variant performed better than the original transformer variant on all datasets.
UDT-COPRAS dataset was obtained by sequentially sampling historical inputs of each user, collecting follow-source input paired with the pursuit translation given by the translation system, assigning these historical inputs and the current input pairs to two professional annotators, and resolving disagreement by reviewing.
persona check task is a task that involves predicting personal attributes based on user utterances. It is modeled using a sequence generation model and a GPT-2 language model.
discourse-level representation focuses more on the relationship with other sentences, improving hint's ability to capture high-level features in both content and order.
ciances are particularly useful in machine learning because they contain a reference to an external source, such as a model from the original BERT paper, which references Devlin et al., 2019.
ontoED performs better than other models in low-resource event detection, especially in event detector.
paper proposes components that fully leverage both topic and external knowledge, including constructing a directed heterogeneous document graph, including sentences, topics, and entities as nodes, and using a heterogeneous graph convolution network to learn topic-enriched news representation as the contextual entity representation that encodes the semantics of the news document.
Facebook has nearly 2.7 billion daily active users on its products with 1.8 billion on Facebook alone.
study created four different CODA21 datasets, including hard versions where each syncet in a group has a common parent syncet and a common grandparent syncet instead of a parent, allowing them to have more distinct meanings. Clean versions were created by considering syncets with at least five SAMCore contexts to choose from to ensure that the chosen contexts are informative.
challenges faced in building a morphological analyzer for Girxen language include limited existing data to work with, limited text collection, and a text collection that is not quite digitized or standardized.
proposed method for improving success rate in the MovieTik's booking task is a Gauss-Gypsy-based deep DynaCue approach that uses a novel KL-divergency-based discriminator.
purpose of this study is to combine multiple modalities to perform Chinese word segmentation, where converted text and actual voice information are mainly involved in this paper.
is difficult to apply simple data augmentation methods to NER due to the token label misalignment problem.
motivation behind the approach of adaptive compositional modules is to achieve a tradeoff between detecting and reuse shareable modules and only adding new modules at necessary positions.
three groups of methods for uncertainty estimation discussed in the meeting transcript are deterministic uncertainty estimation, Mahalobis distance, and spectralization.
proposed method achieves higher NEL performance than conventional knowledge extraction learning methods on average and at least one of the multiple model is better than single auxiliary learning on all the tasks.
two main methods for describing human emotional states are demand model and categorical model. Demand model is a continuous model that can describe unlimited emotional states, while categorical models are highly demanding and require data to annotate the value of each demand in the document.
common symptoms discussed in both datasets of October 2020 and October 2021 are fatigue, breathlessness, and breathlessness.
study looked into three language pairs, English, German, and French. The study also used a multilingual dataset of 100,000 hypothesis pairs sampled from the MT output.
basic idea behind QBot is to generate an interlocutor dialogue response along with relevant keywords that can be edited to generate a dialogue response. The system converts the generated dialogue responses into a dialogue queue and generates a keyword generator based on the user's keyword.
friction is when data moves between people, organizations, and machines. It is important to talk about the social impact of benchmark datasets sharing platforms because it can be garbled, misinterpreted, or lost because the original intention of dataset collection might not correspond with when people are reusing the dataset.
transformer-based model performed better for subtask A and B in terms of classification metrics.
accuracy and macro average precision, recall, and F1 scores were achieved while training each model for the homophobia and transphobia detection task.
two main questions addressed in the paper are how to evaluate vocabularies efficiently and how to find the optimal vocabulary from a huge and discrete vocabulary space.
annotation guidelines provided to the annotators are designed to facilitate standardization of a common frame of reference across the annotation process and towards the overall task objective.
process involved collecting monolingual Livonian and parallel Livonian-Estonian-Latvian and English data, assembling a set of all the texts including Livonian that could be easily collected, excluding texts that would need OCR or transcription included those texts that are already digitalized, and separating the held out part of the data to be used as a machine translation benchmark.
TreeGraphIntegratedFormatParser differs from the previous system submission to the IWPT 2020 shared task in that it consists of both a bi-affine tree parsing module and an enhanced UD layer. It can retrieve a spanning tree for each sentence and train tree-based parsers to predict those spanning trees.
text can be classified into three categories based on the questions asked: explicit stereotypes, non-implicit stereotypes, and implicit stereotypes.
automatic evaluation results were compared between dialog GPT and dialog flow, with GPT achieving a higher perplexity score compared to dialog flow.
purpose of the research work is to improve the multilingual text encoder by learning invariance representation across languages to help cross-language transfer.
families were identified within the sentences containing non-heavy stehen by searching for the highest degree of flexibility of the prepositional phrase in the unlabeled text.
challenges faced in designing the task for the community included the lack of data to train robust models and the fact that such systems expect a dense transcription for languages for which the description is still an ongoing work.
proposed approach for knowledge distillation in few-shot learning scenarios for intent classification involves distilling small models that are generalizable for new classes and domains using prototypical networks based on meta-learning.
exemplars are not as good as state-of-the-art for inflection generation, but they can be used for one-shot learning. Synthetic data can probe exactly what sorts of morphological processes, prefixation, suffixation, etc., are being learned, and the model seems to learn some abstract representations of these processes that can transfer across affixes.
potential hypothesis for what long-range context serves as in language models is that it serves as a repository of named entities, which is likely far from the whole picture, since there's a lot of detail that would miss.
conclusion of the paper is that inductively representing OOKG entities is much more efficient and requires no additional learning.
main results show that LACO significantly improves previous results on Hamming loss and micro F1, and the two auxiliary tasks also have a certain degree of improvements on the main metrics.
accent gap is the difference in accuracy that ASR models have when comparing different accents. It affects accuracy because WER doesn't necessarily ensure good understandability of a model and doesn't provide feedback to developers as to what they got wrong with the model.
arsh's research can help identify users struggling with mental health without any or minimal human intervention and hopefully get them help and resources.
onymization replaces the sensitive entity with its class name instead of a tag last name, while tagging replaces it with a realistic surrogate from the same class.
participants were asked to judge the words in the best-word scaling annotation process by marking them with words accordingly. They could associate the word noise the most and scroush the least with joy, and all these most and least or best and worst assignments were counted to calculate the emotion intensity score for each word.
IPCA model addresses the zero-shot setting challenge by using episodic training and a two-phase training framework. In the inductive training phase, it accumulates element and compositional concept knowledge, while in the transductive phase it picks up confident and labeled items from the unseen domain. The cross-attention module is used to fuse multi-modal information and construct dynamic representation for objects in the visual domain and the text domain.
paper connects entity-based modeling into end-to-end processing and boosts the current paradigm of state-of-the-art and the perspective of linguistics, leading to better explainability and better performance on downstream taskers.
retagging with a morphological analyzer consistently improves the performance of the models in the very low-resource setting.
authors concluded that minor but precise edits are effective at editing text into target text, and components such as the classifier which is based on BERT and the generator which is on BARD are easy to train and fast to fine-tune. They outperformed previous work demonstrating their efficacy in this setting.
challenges faced during the research on Arabic poems include female and male profession variants for each profession word, gender bias in profession words, and the need for untrained 16-gluf models to produce word embeddings and vectors.
performance of the MTL parser increases on the larger tree bank as data imbalance increases.
authors conclude that standard seq2seq models such as LSTMs and transformers perform extremely poorly, achieving nearly 0% accuracies. They revisit and amend this conclusion based on some new empirical evidence.
models always exploit global context, while word embeddings focus on local context.
proposed model infer new event correlation triples in the event ontology inference module by selecting three sub-modules based on existing event-to-event relations.
advantages of cipher-doc over existing data augmentation methods include the ability to learn distributions other than those of the intended target language, which might not be desirable due to multilingual training, and the advantage of treating the ciphertext as an auxiliary view of the plaintext and leveraging the equivalence between the two using coregularization.
methodology of Kairala and Kern creates artificial noisy data sets for each noise category, which are also listed in the paper. They then classify all sentence pairs with both filtering systems and calculate an accuracy to determine how good this specific type is detected by a certain filtering system.
authors' model utilizes space significantly better than the baseline in generating sign poses.
advantages and limitations of NLP-based sequence labeling for text anonymization include detecting text spans that correspond to specific types of personal information, being optimized in a supervised fashion based on annotated documents, and taking into account how any textual element may contribute to the disclosure risk.
limitations of the study include the fact that the target words were selected early in the development of nationalism, and that the literary contexts of three target words have changed over the course of the 18th century and the 19th century, which makes it difficult to establish whether there is measurable semantic change or drift that coincides with the upcoming cultural and political thought of the era.
authors suggest restructuring Wikipedia pages to reduce gender bias, which could amplify the stereotype and affect the model trained on it.
proposed task in this meeting transcript is zero-shot relation triplet extraction, which involves generating synthetic data for new relations using prompts and controllable generation.
proposed method mainly deals with supervised and semi-supervised settings, where 5000 and 1000 seed translation pairs are obtained for training.
best trade-off between simplicity and performance when splitting sentences is that there is a lot of overlap between the source and target sentences, making it difficult for the model to learn to make good use of context.
studying signed languages can benefit the NLP community's understanding of natural languages by encouraging them to develop coreference analysis tools such as taggers and NLP taggers, which are fundamental to natural language processing.
goal of the medical visual answer localization task is to develop a system that can locate the relevant visual segment or instructional steps towards a particular health related question to help someone who is in need in that particular emergency.
main challenge in evaluating NLG systems is automatic metrics that are easy to compute but are highly unreliable, and human evaluations involving direct assessment suffer from several limitations such as annotator bias, high variance, and anchoring effects when annotators have been found to be affected by the order in which the annotations are shown to them.
proposed method is a novel weekly's provided pre-training method for Multi-Hop Retrievers, which alleviates drastic performance drop when only a few training data points are available.
example of a bias-based characteristic being attributed to a specific individual in the context of the bias benchmark dataset is the stereotype that girls are bad at math.
three conditions used to eliminate ratings during data cleansing were cleanliness, cheapness, and cleanliness.
proposed method for measuring fine-grained domain variance is called hierarchical cofringe learning (CIFOR). It uses graph convolutions and binary cross-entropy as a loss to obtain the domain reference of terms, which is obtained as the confidence of the prediction. CIFOR is useful to measure domain reference for broad domains such as computer science and narrow domains with relatively narrow scopes.
authors propose to synthesize hard and adversarial responses with properties such as being similar in content with the context, containing one or more errors presented, being difficult for existing models to classify, and being diverse and cover various error types.
meta-dap-rank method used in the paper is significant because it contains weak data synthesis, data selection, and neural IR training processes that can be leveraged to train neural IR models.
reality is that sentence-level emotion classification models are not able to handle multiple emotions, making it difficult to use in real world applications.
use of succession relation and overlapping relation in the proposed model allows for the identification of non-overlapped and continuous entities, as well as overlapping between the entity fragment Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania Reducition.
atalab can help with understanding the general characteristics or statistics of a dataset, as well as integrating fine-grain features such as text length, text basic words, and lexical richness.
expressions of event-centric opinions are unique because they care more about the content such as non-sentimentalness, predictions, suggestions, and so on.
introduction of constraints in the proof selection process is significant because it allows for the creation of a diverse set of compositions that are not fully faithful to the input, making it easier for the model to predict the output.
proposed approach for coherence modeling involves comparing each positive document to multiple negative documents through contrastive learning, where each document goes through XLNet in order to obtain document-level representations which then go through a linear layer which produces the final coherent score.
proposed metric is called relative slot accuracy, which is a modification of slot accuracy but focusing slots appearing in model prediction and ground truth. It can complement limitations of joint goal accuracy and slot accuracy by strictly penalizing situations where the model does not correctly predict any slots.
ablation study conducted on the development set of the FIWARE dataset aims to evaluate the semantic interaction between the claim and evidence, as well as the implicit stances of evidence.
CLIP with a linear probe performs well in detecting hateful memes.
three patterns observed in particular tasks are that almost all curves converge around or before 1 billion words, which means Robona can learn to encode these features pretty well from only around 1 million words or less.
purpose of Dialogue Disentanglement is to disentangle a whole conversation into several threads from a data stream so that each thread is about a specific topic.
ablation tests show that the BIO tagging scheme is helpful for zero short transfer learning for different languages.
documents are encoded as sequences of character identifiers at specific coordinates, with the character identifier's value corresponding to Unicode character values.
goal of the paper is to learn good representations for biomedical entities such that surface strings belonging to the same concept should live close to each other, regardless of language, in the representation space.
LSED Discovery Shared Task involves graded change discovery and binary change detection. Participants were asked to rank around 4000 target words according to the degree of their semantic change. All participants' predictions were scored with Spearman's rank correlation coefficient.
proposed model captures structural characteristics of input text contents by two main parts: node update layer and edge inference layer.
NMT5 model is an off-the-shelf giant pre-trained language model that has 1.3 billion parameters and was trained for 1 million steps. It outperforms MT5-extra large on downstream tasks.
limitation of the models faced by scarce training data is that they can't generalize to rules they have not seen in training. To address this, the authors introduce a rule-based coreference metric that takes into account argument identification and argument identification as coreference-based metrics. They use this metric to evaluate the generalizability of their models.
authors feed input through Comet and extract common sense reasoning on demand for different feeling relations that the data set Atomic includes. They then take this reasoning and append it on to their input as the second sequence in a sequence pair task for BERT, including the Common sense reasoning in a simple and intuitive way.
embedding sketches into a single dense vector space allows for the representation of discrete codes Q, which are not easily interpreted by deep learning models.
models were unable to differentiate between when a word ends and another begins, and are unable to identify stressed consonants in certain words. Similar consonants are often misinterpreted by all three models.
success rate of HPO before and after the troubleshooting procedure varies depending on the model and the task. In the HPO search phase, the search algorithm evaluates a list of configurations and selects the best configuration C star, while in the evaluation phase, it trains the model with the selected configuration and reports the performance on the testing dataset.
authors use the IPIP Neo 300 test to train their models for concepts, which contains items such as openness, consensusness, extroversion, agreeableness, neuroticism, and neuroticism. These items are then used to fine-tune a pre-trained transformer model to be more exact.
removal of a middle residual connection has a negative impact on translation quality, especially for low-resource languages like German and French.
otransformers.fit is a tool that simplifies the HPO tuning pipeline for Glue by allowing the model to select the best configuration C star based on its performance on the validation set. This simplifies it by allowing Glue to be fine-tuned with only one hyperparameter.
generation for semantic parts can help interpret the system action for users without technical backgrounds, especially in terms of logic consistencies.
suggested way to further improve efficiency in the encoding part of the model is to use a sequence-to-sequence model to encode multiple passages separately and decode the answer based on joint inference over passage embeddings.
DCU EPFL Enhanced Dependency Parser is a system that performs pre-processing with the Stanza library and uses it for sentence splitting, tokenization, morphology prediction, and prediction of the basic dependency tree. It consists of two components: XLM-OR and enhanced dependency parsing.
authors faced challenges such as poor coverage of relation patterns, differences in word orders, ubiquitous discontinuous predicates, and covert constituents, which made Chinese ORIE a less simple task than assumed by previous work. They addressed these challenges through a pipeline that includes a suitable non-fictional corpus, an entailment graph construction algorithm over type relation triples, and cross-lingual inference in collaboration with the English graphs.
purpose of the experiments conducted in this work is to evaluate the effect of different architectures on different knowledge graph completion methods.
complexity of intent classification affects the performance of GPT-3 in generating samples.
SVM classifier outperforms all other methods in terms of accuracy and recall.
proposed approach for reporting multiple weighting schemes for each model is to use arbitrary definition and re-weight it based on the size of the model. This allows for arbitrary scoring of scores based on class sizes and allows for the use of arbitrary weightings.
-mixed data is part of the Dravidian languages nowadays, especially with the advent of social media forums and so on, where most of the users actually use more than one language to speak. However, they try to translate it in English.
paper decomposes the training of the grounded response selection task into several subtasks and joint learning all those tasks in a unified model to take advantage of the recent breakthrough on pre-training for natural language tasks. The grounded response matching models are trained on the basis of a pre-trained language model, which are trained with large-scale unstructured documents from the web.
proposed framework outperforms retrieval-based models in terms of inference efficiency, especially on the same domain of WeightsOut of Wikipedia and CMU.Doc datasets. Knowledge expert also shows a significant advantage on the Wab scene set.
authors found that many of the 77 unique labels in Banking 77 were actually quite similar. For example, cart of rifle and cart delivery estimate have very similar intents. Both labels can be assigned to the examples.
authors of a paper presented at the same conference found that the representation of entities in NLP datasets is culturally biased, with models having different biases in terms of factual knowledge and factual knowledge.
hypothesis of relation consistency proposed in the paper is that given a sentence and an image that are highly matched, the linguistic relation should also agree with the visual relation. This leads to a question about how to measure the semantic distance between two intramodal relations.
purpose of the study is to develop a multitask learning approach to mitigate overfitting in medical dialogues for COVID-19.
proposed ontology model has four sub-modules: instance encoder, class encoder (using a pre-trained bird to represent each event instance), and instance relation extractor (using relations among event instances).
model should work better on datasets with long documents due to less overfitting because statistics of long n-grams are better converged on these datasets.
proposed solution to the data sparsity problem in lifelong topic modeling is to jointly learn topics and domain-specific word embeddings directly in each domain.
proposed method achieves better results than two baselines, indicating that the meta-key network can effectively evaluate retrieved labels' confidence and make better predictions.
objective function used for fake news classification in the proposed method is a macro-entropy loss function. It is computed over all the documents in the LUNN dataset.
ipsaw states that word frequency in a corpus follows a power-law distribution, meaning that there will be a fairly small subset of words which dominate the corpus. The most frequent words may not actually be representative of the language it's written in.
innovation applied in Learning from the Worst for detecting online hate is using a human and model in the loop approach, generating the data dynamically. This differs from a static approach where you create the dataset, train the model, evaluate the model and deploy it, or to be honest in academic settings.
purpose of the study presented in this transcript is to explore the cross-domain direction of relation extraction in order to achieve better evaluation of models.
essential limitation of the self-supervised learning framework used in the study is that the model learns a review generation task but has to generate a summary at inverse time. To close this gap, a rating deviation is used as an additional input feature of the text decoder.
proposed method outperforms other methods in the experiments, including word-desired auto-completion and constraint-based autocompletion, as shown in figure A.
research presented in this transcript focuses on understanding how current, available politeness approaches adapt to novel domains, in particular the fashion domain.
neural tokenizer outperforms sub-word based approaches in downstream tasks like natural language inference and sentiment analysis.
purpose of ForecastQA is to simulate a forecasting scenario with news articles and test the machine's forecasting ability over text data.
addition of the token "Indy" did not improve the blue scores as expected because there was a considerable drop in blue scores for n-grams and skip grams in both language pairs.
main conclusion of TlAttack's paper is that it can achieve higher attack performance within a limited number of iterations with the target retrieval system. It also successfully generates adversarial examples that can receive high relevance scores with 10 different queries meanwhile, and such attack could be tested on more commercial APIs.
two reasons why the accuracy increase for DELBERT is twice as large for prefixes than for suffixes are that prefixes are more complex than prefixes, and prefixes tend to have more complex meanings.
PAN dataset is an extension of three datasets containing English-algebraic word problems. Its purpose is to evaluate the performance of EPT-X in understanding numbers and variables.
main contribution of the algorithm proposed in the paper is its ability to efficiently find the k-best trees in a directed graph without additional complexity.
paper proposes domain-wise adaptive masking, which takes out the commonsense tokens generated by the model and uses them to reconstruct the image caption.
methodology used in framework 1 involves performing entity sentence linking, calculating sentiment polarity, and labeling each entity as hero, villain, victim or other based on its positive or negative polarity.
embedding techniques were used in the experiments, including TF-IDF, IndicFT, Mural, and mBird.
analysis of online political advertisements has serious implications about transparency and accountability, specifically how voters were targeted and by whom.
result of the small scale study conducted to address the problem of confounding intents was that the BERT-Tune model was able to fine-tune all the large language models using a partial few-shot setup.
five different offensive language classifiers examined in this work are three classifiers which achieved top results in OffensiveVal, a collaborative workshop in identifying offensive language, a top-ranked non-transformer-based system, a CNN-BLSTM, and a BLSTM fed into a BGRU. For the fourth classifier, a lexicon of offensive language was used and a text is considered offensive if it contains one of the words from this lexicon.
future directions for improving the CRM module include enhancing the generation module and using caudal inference techniques to handle data pairs.
proposed approach outperforms the baseline in pronoun translation by a large margin, indicating that it can effectively and simultaneously model both sentence-level and document-side perspectives.
paper focuses on using quasi-alignments in text generation, specifically in relation to alignments between source words and target words.
GLUE score is the average performance on 8 NLU tasks, which is basically a proxy for understanding. It measures perturbations where left is more perturbed and right less perturbed, and on the x-axis, it measures the measure of perturbation.
PathVQA dataset is significant because it contains questions similar to those questions in the ABP test, which are generated from pathology images, captured from two pathology textbooks, and online digital libraries.
purpose of SoC-AoG is to represent social relations among a group of people by instantiating the parse graph PG with determined attribute selection and relation type.
teacher's marginal distribution differs from the student's substructures in case 4 because the student predicts a joint probability distribution of the index and the label of the head token for each token, while the teacher models the head and label separately.
authors trained their prompt model for GPT-2-Large, which outperformed a suitable baseline by a large margin.
team identified the tweets for their dataset by asking annotators if they could infer from the tweet that the tweeter supports the target. They were asked if they were in support of it, if they're against it, or if they have a neutral stance with target.
proposed techniques for detecting and removing dangling entities in the proposed framework include m2nce, a reduction embedding based method, and alignNet, the neighborhood aggregation method.
proposed solution for developing a new re-ranker that considers the characteristics of fact-checking articles is a memory-enhanced transformer for matching MTM.
purpose of the proposed five-layer system is to incorporate global coreference relations and local dependency relations to improve NER performance.
motivation behind building NLP systems is to address communication barriers and make the world a better place.
city refers to whether the verb's action has a perceived ending or if it doesn't have an ending, or if we don't care about its ending. Duration distinguishes between a state, stative, or an action, punctual or durative, regardless of whether these have an endpoint or not.
style transfer is the task of controlling certain attributes in generated text given an input text and desired style transfer. Examples of it include making the original text more positive, using more positive inputs and pairs, generating more formal, less formal, etc, etc.
SAM update is a step along the negative gradient computed at wt, while normal SGD update is the same but the gradient used at wadv instead of wt.
need for another challenge in contextual language understanding because language is often very contextual, in this case with visual context.
challenges of using human evaluation for open-to-mind dialogue systems include filtering out the best system according to human judgments, lack of a method due to quality check by false human annotators, and the need for extra resources for training.
proposed method of generating negative samples differs from previous methods by using AMR-based semantic-level manipulations to facilitate the injection of incoherent sources and look more natural and close to state-of-the-art generative models' outputs.
goal of the research presented in this paper is to investigate the development of the cultural thought of nationalism during the subtle side in Dutch society by researching fiction literature from 1700 to 1880.
paper evaluates the impact of lower exposure bias on generation quality and shows that it has a weak correlation with the per-step error of the model.
visualization of annotator embeddings shows that the relationships between individual annotators are almost consistent, indicating that they share common characteristics with the task.
two masked language models used to capture context in the proposed architecture are BERT and Pegasus. BERT is trained with a masked word objective and provides rich word-in-context embeddings, which gives the translation model superior word representations about both the source sentence and the near-range context.
proposed method first injects the knowledge from medical knowledge graph into an utterance generated by the patient, then transforms the utterance tree into the embedding that is fed to the mass self-attention of a transformer, followed by the decoder to generate the response.
models are evaluated using blur and comment to evaluate content preservation, and using the style place file and recollection to assess style strength. The harmony mean of the style accuracy and blur is reported as the overall score for a direct comparison to different models.
collecting datasets for aspect-based summarization is difficult due to the structure abstracts and limited datasets in all domains.
ToxCom dataset is an external large-scale dataset containing six different offensive classes, including clean tweets. It is related to the OLID dataset because it is large and provides more semantic information for the task.
team made contributions in three categories: sequence labeling, machine translation, and then interpreting.
performance of Roberta-based transformer is compared to other models in the baseline evaluation, as shown in figure 5.
purpose of the study is to investigate whether up-sampling can help mitigate attacks at the expense of performance and develop more effective defenses.
inferring affiliation is important in studying political engagement because it can increase political engagement offline, catalyzing offline political participation, and polarizing opinions creating negative attitudes about those who disagree with us politically.
shuffle test is a method for measuring coherence in original documents. It involves shuffling the order of sentences to see whether an NLU model can detect the shuffle text.
encoder-decoder framework for ED task is slightly different from the general sequence-to-sequence task. For ED task, the length of event tag sequence is known because its elements correspond one-to
authors propose a new video question answering dataset named CRAFT, which is designed to be complex for models and simple for humans. They demonstrate that their model needs to be capable of accomplishing multiple counterfactual analysis in multiple scenarios.
main observations of the experiment are that the performance gap between sequence labeling and Spanner is clear, and almost all sequence labeling-based models outperform generic Spanner when entities are long and with lower label consistency.
main takeaway from the verification task experiments is that there are still questions with failed presuppositions that need to be answered in order to tackle QA benchmarks.
common belief is that large datasets are required to train deeper transformers in order to obtain those generalization improvements, but for many NLP tasks, we just don't have datasets the same scale as we used for large-scale language-triple training and machine translation, because of the high costs of the annotation.
research focuses on investigating common sense reasoning in Indonesian in particular by introducing the first-ever story comprehension dataset in Indonesian and then investigating transferability of common sense knowledge between English and Indonesian.
summarization models learn from input article and goal summary pairs by selecting content from the input article to include in the generated summary, as well as paraphrased tokens.
purpose of TestBox is to provide a unified, modularized, and extensible framework for test generation by decoupling test generation models into a set of highly reusable modules, including data module, model module, evaluation module, and many common components and functionalities.
key challenge in table-to-text generation is the complex relationship or structure of data points.
subsequent works compared CAML as a baseline and claimed state-of-the-art results on the same MIMIC3-50 set. These works proposed advanced networks or incorporated additional information.
results of the first experiment show that humans are overchance at identifying words in artificial language, even when the only available information are transitional probabilities, either forward or backward.
motivation behind the contribution of this paper is that syntactic structure is an important component of natural language text and tree-structured models have been used in a wide range of tasks, including sentence similarity and sentiment analysis.
three numerical properties considered by the proposed method for solving method problems are whether the word V1 can be used to generate a numerical representation, whether the symbol V2 is useful for solving the problem V1, and whether it can help generate the numerical representation V2.
Tag and Generate model uses the PYRL model, an RNN-based polite answer generation model, to steer the output towards politeness rewriting.
study used four methods to facilitate effective tasks such as sentiment analysis, emotion classification, and sarcasm detection.
isting reinforcement learning agents for text-based games can be divided into two main categories: text-only agents that compute a context encoding based on natural language observations and then select the next action accordingly using this encoding, and graph-based agents that first represent the state of the game as a knowledge graph and then use this graph for action scoring.
proposed architecture aims to maintain the performance of the baseline transformer while reducing the efficiency by using contributions that measure interaction between tokens.
approach uses three different perturbation schemes on three different granularities to have different levers to pull and push and obtain the kind of local and global perturbations we want as.
purpose of SentenceT5 is to convert sentences into embedding, which can be directly applied on a wide range of tasks, including textual similarity, semantic retrieval, QA retrieval, and so forth. The sentence embeddings are very easy to use either as features for ML models or directly used to compute cosine similarity or textual similarity or retrieval.
study found that unshifted pairs tended to have higher semantic change than shifted pairs, while shifted pairs had lower semantic change.
generation method tries to reduce the gap in Unified QA by obtaining a huge line of knowledge associated with the generated questions, which corresponds to 68% accuracy.
three data augmentation techniques used in the dataset are augmented oversampling, augmented over-undersampling (AOUS), and random synthetic oversample (RSO).
proposed task of doctor recommendation differs from mainstream recommendation approaches in that it involves figuring out patients' needs and recommending a proper doctor based on them, without relying heavily on users' information or history behaviors to analyze their needs.
reason for reopening the leaderboards was to encourage users to think about critical thinking when consuming memes.
vocabulary extreme classification involves taking text with labels from an extremely large label set, typically defined in advance by domain experts and assuming that there is not a single more new label that we could find useful.
open challenges in studying lexical complexity include the need for annotators to self-threshold and the difficulty of words within a context.
proposed model architecture for fast and accurate neural machine translation with translation memory involves exploring three methods to encode translation memory into vector sequence, encoding TM sentence with similarity information, and encoding translation memory sentence with alignment information.
limitations of the proposed approach include the fact that it only uses the domain from which each feature representation comes, and that the language discriminator has to predict the task the input comes from, either from the downstream task or text simplification task.
proposed model outperforms all baseline models in terms of precision, recall, and F1 scores compared to any external language models.
purpose of the research on MMEKG is to present a large-scale multi-modality event knowledge graph containing millions of concept events and more than 600 relation types and to develop an efficient yet effective pipeline for textual and visual knowledge extraction.
question in this work is whether we can build AI systems to learn to talk with agents to solve more complex tasks.
modifications were made to the loss function and model in the language generation experiment, including removing the masking strategy of self-attention and replacing it with variants such as local attention.
proposed method for continued learning in TDS with iterative pruning, expanding, and masking involves leveraging pruning to keep the knowledge for all tasks, adopting the network expanding to create freeways for new tasks, and adopting a task-specific binary mask to mask parts of the old task weights, which may hinder the learning of new tasks.
studies have investigated the strength of scalar implicatures by investigating a variety of different structural properties of a scale, such as scale boundedness.
purpose of the dataset of 5,270 annotated arguments is to provide empirical evidence that automatic identification of human values behind arguments is possible.
Perspective API is a publicly available tool that allows users to send comments to it, text comments, and get machine learning model scores for that comment for toxicity and related attributes. It is used for content moderation by allowing human moderators to review a whole batch of comments based on their toxicity score.
pre-trained word embeddings may not be ideal for the specific domain because there are many polysemous words.
monolingual models trained with BERT outperform multilingual models in English, Spanish, and Italian, but the performance decreases for Italian and Spanish data.
-centric approaches are not well suited for African languages because they function within context of values and beliefs that reflect Western societies and serve their needs, which are naturally adopted for Western languages.
tasks can be grounded in theories of cognitive capabilities and language faculty, such as how to determine what interesting phenomena might be without thinking about the underlying cognitive capabilities.
two different external knowledge sources used in the research presented in the short paper are entities trained on the hyperlinked text corpus of Wikipedia and GabbyText.
goal of the experiment is to develop a general purpose foundation model that can perform various downstream tasks such as Emergent Behavior and Homogenization.
knowledge learned by the model in different granularities is transferable, and as the granularity gap increases, the context information becomes more and more inconstant.
architecture of M3Anet is based on an architecture that includes a pre-trained neural model that predicts stock volatility and price movements using a combination of word embeddings and audio recordings. The model is trained on 816 M&A conference calls spanning over more than 500 hours of audio between the years 2016 and 2020, making the processed form of the data available to the public and further explaining how to obtain raw data from the source.
design of the study considers typicality of event location and BERT aspect.
NRC suffers from significant ambiguity because it doesn't include part of a speech category for the terms, causing ambiguity for labeling.
hypothesis of the paper is that enhancing the prediction of proper dependency relations betters the dependency parsing scores considerably on parsing tasks in transition based parsing algorithms of Dravidian languages.
case study was conducted by sampling all possible inter-sentence bilingual phrases from the phrase table obtained with phrase-based statistical machine translation model.
three questions that motivate the research presented in the paper are whether important features for a task are shared in different languages, what effect it has if pruning the unimportant attention heads from a pre-trained transformer model under cross- or multilingual settings, and how their findings could be applied to solving NLP problems.
purpose of the new framework for fast automated phonological reconstruction is to provide a framework that is easy to apply and can serve as a baseline for any future research that we do.
primary goal of neural databases is to obviate the need for a fixed schema in databases, and in this current instantiation this looks a lot like question answering in NLP, either returning extractive or abstractive answers given a sequence of texts.
TA uses BERT, a deep learning model for multilingual tweet and misinformation detection and classification to extract features from COVID-19 multilingual text data, which is then categorized into specific classes. It uses 10 CNN models to do this classification and in our test, we did it for like three classes called false, falsely, false and misleading.
number of non-terminals affects the performance of neural bilexicalized PCFGs, as shown in the table.
proposed model for hypername discovery recurrently maps query words to their hypernames, starting from the most specific ones to the less specific ones.
ethical considerations were taken into account in the study, including whether the de-biasing technique is most effective for mitigating bias and how it impacts downstream task performance and language modeling.
amese networks differ from the entailment approach in few-shot learning by using models that embed premise and hypothesis into a fixed length vector, and then using a similarity function such as the dot product to decide which of the hypothesis is most similar to the input text. This gives advantage at inference time, because we only need to encode each input, and we can compare the input vector to the pre-computed label vectors.
training corpus for offensive language detection was built by sampling 100 tweets from a German Twitter dump and replacing profane words within these tweets with a neutral synonym. This is done manually in order to ensure grammatical correctness.
original paper's linear regression model had a fairly high explained variance, higher than when using training size and test length. However when looking at the results for the UDPipe under the original setting, the fit failed.
research conducted by Xin Liu and co-authors focuses on exploring discourse structures for argument in practical application.
setting a high threshold for the number of accepted tasks may be problematic for fair payment of workers because it may force more experienced workers to do undesirable tasks before they can do the task they're interested in.
two auxiliary tasks performed by the model during training are self-discipline and efficiency.
pairwise techniques perform better than single model techniques in evaluating the length comparison between Blender Bot 3Billion with a minimum generation length and BlenderBot 3billion without a Minimum generation length because they are able to differentiate between different versions of models or types of models.
purpose of using two versions of GPT-2 in the study is to explore how humans integrate suggestions into their creative processes and what this means for future language models and user interfaces supporting creative writing.
proposed model architecture for natural language generation includes a multi-scale architecture used by previous works, which contains multiple blocks, while each block contains several footsteps. It also includes an autoregressive model that can generate text from left to right in the inverse stage.
researchers decided to add more negative examples to the annotated dataset because they wanted to see if they could identify the span of the fallacy.
goal of the work presented in this transcript is to design a framework for extracting context dependent and context independent explanations of stress from models that are trained to predict stress in Reddit posts.
KL divergence decreases significantly during adaptation of pre-trained language models, indicating that the model is adapting to a new task.
Eval is a framework for building an amazing dialogue system. It has extensive documentation from installing Lego Evel, running the task locally, and step-by-step instructions for building ideal tasks. It also supports complex branching logic and can be used to create branching logic.
proposed framework, DoctRA, differs from conventional pre-training methods for language models by requiring huge additional in-domain text data and advanced computing devices due to the batch size issue. Additionally, it only requires downstream task-specific data and a usual GPU device, making transferring only a few hours for single run.
language model augmentation technique used in the proposed framework UXLR involves randomly selecting p percent of token from a sentence and replacing it with mass tokens. This procedure is called successive max.
two classical techniques used to alleviate the issues of ill-conditioned covariance and outliers in the feature space are kernel PCA and minimum covariance determinant.
token-based approach outperformed both the type-based and random baseline in terms of precision, recall, and recall.
optimal runtime for materializing the Hessian is achieved by exploiting repeated work when finding the derivatives.
main contribution of this paper is presenting data sets with natural questions over all the heterogeneous answer sources and proposing a novel data augmentation method to iteratively create training samples for answer generation.
main challenge in reasoning about riddles for models is that they require linguistic creativity such as metaphor and higher order common sense reasoning skills.
scratch-based strategy obtains each slot value in the dialect state by inquiring all the dialect history, while previous-based strategies rely on the current turn dialogue to update the previous dialect state.
sparse attention does not necessarily allow us to identify a sparse set of influential inputs.
composition of representation in a BERT model is composed of layers that learn to detect simple patterns and later layers that build more advanced patterns like textures.
mention flag model improves constraint satisfaction and generated text quality compared to other models by providing a strong signal to satisfy all constraints before completing generation.
advantage of introducing memory as an intermediate medium in cross-modal alignment is that it can softly align visual and textual features.
different types of features used in sentiment analysis include lexical features, syntactic features, part of speech tags and named entity counts, sentiment lexicon features, and semantic subgroup.
proposed solution for improving learning in the Remy transformer model involves forming an initial direct connection between input and output, discovering a general representation of speech independent of style or accent, and introducing gates to stabilize learning.
discontinuous named entity recognition is challenging because it is a basic task of constructing a knowledge graph and benefits many other NLP tasks such as relation instruction, machine reading comprehension, public opinion analysis, and main machine dialogue system.
main contributions of the proposed unsupervised summarization method are its method, which generates salient textual fragments, experiments with models which can produce queries, and comparing them to original document sentences to guide the extractive summarization step.
nodes can be formulas with an arbitrary number of arguments, such as the triangle area formula or cuboid value formula.
sparsity constraint prevents the model from explaining its prediction by narrowing the input down to a sparse subset of input tokens on which the predictor is relying by construction in making its prediction. This approach doesn't actually work and human rationales used as supervision on that intermediate layer consistently fail to improve the prediction accuracy of the whole ensemble.
synthetic data generated by this approach helps neural end-to-end semantic parsers generalize to unseen domains with better accuracy.
P evaluates OpenAI systems by using per-slot token overlap matching, which avoids penalizing correct extractions that are not in the benchmark but rewards incorrect extractions.
ative contrast learning is a new alternative to previous methods like MoCo and XMoCo. It involves freezing encoder and training another, maintaining a cache queue to cache the negative instance from previous training steps, and introducing a simple method to combine lexical retrieval and dense retrieval by simply multiplying the score of the BM25 and the dense retriever.
three techniques proposed in the paper are masking each target token, reprediting conditions on the source and all other target tokens, and using static kv-attention to parallelly mask and predict all target tokens. These techniques contribute to MaskAlign's performance.
limitations of knowledge distillation include the mismatch between teacher and student's capacity and the need for a private solution to the limitation.
interlinear gloss data is not specific to Gitzen and exists in digitized databases for many of the world's languages, providing a potentially valuable source of linguistic data for training an NLP system. An obstacle to leveraging the gloss data for NLP engineering is that the data is typically collected for linguistic research such as determining the structure of transitivity in the language.
datasets were used to verify the multi-obliging ability of the model, and the results showed that the hypergraph transformer outperformed the memory-based method by a large margin.
authors analyzed the reliability and robustness of the Superb framework after introducing Superb-SG, which contains 15 different spoken language tasks in 5 categories. They hope that this work could give us more comprehensive understanding about self-supervised learning in speech.
presence of the terms in the lexicon may imply hate speech, and these results should not be used for direct hate speech classification with keyword matching. Depending on the context and data author, such terms may have a positive meaning.
Coref dataset is a dataset specifically designed for evaluating coreference reasoning in machine reading comprehension. It was created by asking annotators to find two or more correferring expressions in the context and ask questions that connect these expressions. An adversarial fitting was applied by training a birth model on the squad dataset and discarding examples that were already answered by this birth model.
aspects of quality are evaluated in the human evaluations, including whether the response is faithful to the evidence and whether it is semantically inferable from the evidence or entailed by the evidence.
proposed deep learning model uses syntax information to request x in the graph by employing the dependency relation between words in the document to obtain a syntax-based interaction score for each pair of nodes.
datasets were used for dialog generation and evaluation: GPT-2, readit-it dataset, and multi-reference dataset.
is important to understand the socio-cultural context when analyzing and addressing issues of bias in large language models because defining bias requires an understanding of the social context, and it requires clear perspectives and choices that lead to how we operationalize bias measures. This is often left implicit by the researchers of bias and NLP.
purpose of this paper is to provide a different perspective on understanding model adaptation behavior via post-hoc explanation and to evaluate two pre-trained language models, BERT and Roberta, on three tasks: sentiment classification, natural language inference, and paraphrase identification.
two subtasks in the Samuel Task 9 Statement Verification and Evidence Finding with Tables are table statement support and relevant cell selection.
term "emphasis" refers to the use of colors, fonts, or other special formattings to help explain or even change the meaning of a sentence by drawing attention to specific parts.
focus of future work on modality is on improving event extraction systems, specifically in the politics domain.
proposed method for updating the long-term memory to encode unbounded context involves caching the hidden states of previous steps as the transformer XL, converting them into continuous signals using a fixed number of basis functions, and computing the context vector Z using a continuous dimension.
polysynthetic language is where a single word can have the semantic effect of an entire sentence in an analytic language like English.
proposed system for the task of hope speech level detection is an ensemble model consistent of three parts: LSTM (CAM, PLSTM), BLSTM, and attention.
techniques were used to improve the efficiency of machine translation architectures on the task of translating cognates: recurrent neural networks in orange, transformers in blue, and statistical machine translation in green.
purpose of the instruction schema developed in the pilot study is to find out various common elements across crowdsourcing instructions and provide a detailed form of instruction.
main contribution of the proposed multitask model for second stage summarization is its ability to optimize for multiple metrics at once, which enables cross-attention between candidates and relevant parts of the source.
pre-training with natural language has transferable structural knowledge, but it is not able to transfer to artificial languages due to the lack of explicit grounding to real languages.
model trained without noise has learned a tendency towards labeling unknown words as open class, and undergenerates closed class tags. The model trained with noise comes much closer to the gold standard tag distribution.
large version of FastHand outperforms other popular segmentation toolkits at a large margin, and the fine-tuning feature allows FastHand to better adapt it to new criteria.
purpose of the ultrafine entity typing model used in this paper is to generate entity type labels with weak supervision from a masked language model.
hetorical emotion sentences try to express semantic and high cognitive levels and cover emotions in an obscure way. They use the word rubble and flame to understand tenderness, which forms the smell, and express emotions expressed in love.
objective of the NLP Contribution Graph Share task is to develop a system that can extract and structure research contributions in NLP publications to facilitate information access and knowledge curation.
proposed machine is significant because it can model both nominal and verbal reduplication using finite state automata, and it can be used to model autosegmental representations in tonal languages.
proposed approach for privacy-preserving learning in mood prediction involves using multimodal models that contextualize typed text with their typing speeds and app usage, but these models often capture private user information in the intermediate representations while predicting mood.
purpose of the study is to evaluate the effectiveness of fine-tuning a domain specific part model for depression level detection.
inX and DSPAN perform text obfuscation using a genetic algorithm-based search framework and a fully automated authorship obfuscation approach.
proposed contrastive learning method utilizes self-guidance for improving the quality of sentence embeddings or representations derived from BERT or other pre-trained language models without fine-tuning.
OLID is a large training set of 9 million tweets built using a semi-supervised approach. It contains three levels: Level A determines whether a tweet is offensive, Level B determines whether an offensive tweet is targeted, and Level C determines what the target is of the offensive tweets.
documentations are natural resources that contain in-domain knowledge and potentially help the domain transfer in Tech2SQL.
counterfactual reasoning model enables machine learning models to perform better on hard samples through two modules, the generation module and the retrospection module.
proposed defense mechanism involves three separate steps: searching for trapdoors, injecting trapdoors into the training set, and training the classification models with a new training set.
Empty Data has more than 120,000 datasets from various data sources such as Opus, StatEmpty, Paracrawl, etc.
purpose of investigating the generality of DCT representation across languages is to evaluate the system using the propping benchmark Xprop that includes 9 propping tasks and 5 languages, including English, French, German, Spanish, and Russian.
proposed two-stage fine-tuning method is named gradual fine-tuneing. In the first stage, the single-source sequence generation model is transferred from denoising auto-encoding to single-shot sequence generation tasks, and the model architecture is kept unchanged in the second stage. An additional fine encoder is introduced to transform the SSG model to the MSG model, which is optimized on the multisource parallel corpus.
proposed method separates low-level and high-level modules in language model and uses adversarial training to achieve language agnostic outputs.
main focus of this study is to analyze gender representation in multilingual models and to determine if specific properties are represented similarly across languages.
datasets used in this work are the ChangeMyView dataset, which contains 344 online comments and 37% of the comments are from the author's personal state or experience.
examples of reading comprehension skills that require inferential questions include predicting, vocabulary, summarizing, and so on.
five different sets of baselines implemented in CRAFT are heuristic, video, and easy setting. Heuristic baselines rely on simple heuristics, while video baselines see the entire simulation.
motivation for using a zero-shot method for referring expression comprehension is that many models, pre-trained models, are so large that they're prohibitively expensive to fine-tune, or they're only available via an API.
interference score is the rate of questions that selected the irrelevant option as the answer. It is computed by adding the same irrelevant option to all questions, and the number of irrelevant options that were often selected as the answers as the magnet options.
arguments are the main word that most clearly expresses an event occurrence, and they are linked with event triggers in the proposed approach.
four datasets used in this work are SNOMED CT Core, Concept 100k, and FB15K237.
three probing tasks used in the study are representational similarity analysis, and they were evaluated using a set of probing tasks.
collective key point extraction is a method for summarizing business reviews using key point analysis. It improves the quality of key points by identifying good key point candidates.
most interesting result is that SP with Spearman as the similarity measure reaches to the fully fine-tuned Roberto Large and even slightly better than that achieved by fine tuning only a single parameter.
two issues with using randomly selected negative responses for training dialogue response ranking and evaluation models are that they do not provide adequate training signals to the model and can be false negatives and add noise to the training.
total of 48 models of different configurations were trained for the purpose of the Shared Task, primarily divided into System 1 models and System 2 models.
KVQA dataset is a task that requires providing a correct answer given a question which depends on the content of an image and the information contained within an external knowledge base. It requires a selection of methods to answer, from entity recognition to spatial reasoning to fact retrieval.
post about the spider was about an incredibly huge spider without the image.
purpose of the framework presented in the meeting transcript is to provide an encoder readout evaluation framework that involves no traditional meta-training and is easily extensible, means you can integrate your datasets or encoder anytime, and to do systematic performance evaluation over a really wide range of pre-trained encoders on 10 benchmark datasets, seven in English and three in German.
source 1 is the token from the search query log up to a certain ID distance, while source 2 is from a try-based data structure with similar pronunciation.
proposed task-guaranteed dialogue system is called HINO and it addresses tasks in three steps: extended-belief tracking, hybrid knowledge operations, and knowledge-grounded response generation.
isting joint methods solving two subtasks cannot benefit from opinion term extraction or aspect sentiment classification even though there exist corresponding annotations.
two major modules of HIRIKE are the Hierarchical User Interest Modeling Framework (HIGM), which aims to learn a three-level hierarchical interest tree to model overall user interest and user interest in cross-grand topics like sports, and the hierarchical interest Matching Framework.
approach in the paper uses pre-trained language models in steps one and two, then trains the high-resource A to B translation model in step three, and finally fine-tunes for the P to Q translation task in step four.
weighting model favors the last queried history more than the earlier ones because it favors the earliest history of chat, which would have come from chat history.
EvalRank approach uses cosine distance as a metric to measure similarity between word and sentence pairs, followed by constant similarity to compute the distance between these embeddings as a predicted score to indicate how similar these two input sentences are.
authors propose a simple and effective method to improve lexically constrained NMT methods by applying span-level prediction loss in addition to translation loss. By using this additional loss, the model is forced to predict the spans of masked tokens given the full-source sentence and the previous target tokens. This simple training approach works for any autoregressive transformer-based methods.
Perrin architecture uses different classification heads to predict different properties of the target graph, including a node classifier, an anchor classifier that predicts anchors between nodes and text, an edge classifier predicting edges between all nodes.
number of salient neurons significantly increased in the lower layers and dropped in the higher layers in excel net, reinforcing the layer-wise results.
study used three datasets pertaining to distinct domains and collected over different time periods as the source of their tweet clusters. They were selected because they cover a wide range of topics, garnering diverse sentiments and opinions in the Twitter sphere. They capture newsworthy stories and emerging phenomena of interest to journalists and social scientists.
experiment on incorporating non-conversational text in dialogue using inference time synthesis method is significant because it demonstrates the effectiveness of the method in generating engaging responses that are fluent with the dialogue history and stick with both the retrieved story and persona facts.
proposed approach involves using either a Bayes list-type encoder or a universal sentence encoder to build a pattern family. The input filter manages the feature combination, and different input filters are given to the shared and private part.
challenges in document-level event extraction mentioned in the text include arguments scattering and multi-events.
research question is whether common sense information previously demonstrated in mass language models is limited to frequent generalizations as opposed to also exception cases.
Trans-KB LSTM model performs well on three types of reasoning, namely table premise, hypothesis statement, and inference.
annotation experiment on Guau Terrero faced challenges such as the lack of linguistic training and the need for segmental patterns, which limited the annotators' speed.
mergers seem to have a consistent number of speakers averaging about 10 to 11, while acquisitions seem to slowly increase in the call length as the year went by.
simulation model agrees with the full model, while the language model without any input document is a decoder only language model.
two existing methods to produce training examples for ultrafine entity typing are inking mentions to knowledge bases and head-word supervision. These methods have limitations such as inability to generate context-dependent types, low recall, and difficulty obtaining supervision for pronoun mentions.
proposed model is called unsupervised dependency graph network and its purpose is to induce dependency grammar from downstream tasks without human-annotated structures.
contrastive loss brings sentences with similar constraints closer together and pushes sentences with different constraints far away, while classifier loss identifies constraints from the latent space.
study collected three evaluation setups for NLG tasks in the study.
solution proposed to address the bottleneck of labor-intensive annotation in fine-grained knowledge element-level misinformation detection is to train a new knowledge graph with inconsistencies from wiki articles.
shortcomings of span-based classification are high complexity and hard to transfer to discontinuous NER because the enumerating all discontinuous spans are almost impossible.
TOM model uses two strategies, explicit and implicit, to provide more deal fairness to competitive opponents. Explicit modeling the mental state of the other agents and generating tailored strategies and terms for different types of opponents is a key problem in the paper.
works in Chang et al focus on the use of graphs to represent the text in the document. Once the graph has been defined, we can then perform graph convolutional operation directly on the key information. This way, feature representation learning is not limited to 2D grids as in conventional CNN, and the information propagation is not confined to arbitrary text serialization. In this work, the beta-skeletal algorithms provide high connectivity between node tokens for necessary message passing, while being much sparser than 4D connected graphs for efficient forward and backward computations.
corpus in the RGB-CHECK project was annotated using two machine learning approaches, one for English and the other for German. Most clauses were already covered by the taxonomy.
proposed testing method consists of four steps: exploring a checklist of four capabilities, crafting templates using real sentences from relevant corpora, and testing the system using it to translate all the test examples across all capabilities and then create the translation result.
event detector is formulated as a joint sequence labeling and sequence classification problem, where the representation of each token is first passed to a low-level detector to predict whether this token describes a specific event or not. Then the low and sentence embedding are passed to the high-level detectors to predict corporate events from the article level. The predictions are then combined together at the final prediction.
proposed approach to tackle data sparsity in ICD-9 coding is data augmentation and synthesis, producing hierarchical confusion matrices for error analysis and introducing a new method.
proposed data augmentation method SWAP outperforms all other data-enhanced methods in terms of generalization to unseen questions and contexts with distributional shift, indicating that it is effective in generalizing to unseen domains.
uring returns multiple hypotheses ordered based on confidence. Users can skim through the options and easily use their own judgment to identify the correct hypotheses. For better readability, the column and table names are shown in bold, and the difference between the hypotheses is highlighted in yellow.
performance of DPPM increases with different numbers of generated events, which can be reflected in the statistics of the generated events.
work on Tabby focuses on type-aware by-encoders for open domain entity retrieval. It introduces a contrastive loss function that forms positive pairs over queries based on their types and pushes apart query embeddings of a different type to encourage better clustering.
review database consists of three main components: the review retrieval component, the recommendation component, and the conversation component.
authors propose novel human-AI collaboration strategies for generating adversarial examples through direct interaction between humans and algorithms.
authors were motivated by the observation that the statistical distribution of the dataset can influence the generation of new simplifications. They analyzed Wikilarge, Wikismall, ASIC, 2Corpus, and MSD and Wikimanual to compare the amount of change needed to transform from a complex sentence into a simple sentence and quantified this metric on the different datasets.
purpose of the study is to provide a benchmark for dialect-aware NLP benchmarking, specifically for African-American Vernacular English (AAVE).
CDKD performs better than other models in the experiment on margin feature dataset.
approach of prompt-based learning involves asking a pre-trained language model (PLM) to solve a downstream task using prior knowledge. This approach has shown strong performance, particularly in a few-shot setting where some prior knowledge is used to compensate for data shortages.
-level event extraction involves extracting entities within a document, detecting event types, and finally extracting the completed event record. Unlike sentence-level events extraction, which involves multiple sentences or a whole document, document-level extraction involves identifying event types and extracting completed records.
researchers experimented with incorporating more context into their baseline models for the Image Code dataset, and found that they had better performance than the baseline models. They also found that the visual encoding for very similar images was better than the language encoding for CLIP, and the vision side could adapt to very detailed language descriptions that might not be represented at all as a result.
two metrics used for evaluating the approach are precision and recall. Precision is a better measure for model performance than recall, which measures the overlap between the highlighted subparts in the programs.
purpose of the study is to guide developers in better absorbing content relevant towards implementing the solution by generating a concise, natural language description by synthesizing relevant content about the solution from within the discussion as soon as that context becomes available in the ongoing discussion.
Geometric3k dataset consists of 3,002 math choice programs and is challenging because it covers diverse geometric shapes and program goals. It also annotates each problem text and diagram with unified structure descriptions in formal language.
proposed method for augmenting Electra training involves asking the generator to sample one corruption token and generate a candidate set for each masked position, which includes one original token and other k non-original tokens. The discriminator learns to jointly perform two tasks based on the generator outputs.
proposed model backpropagate gradients from DGN to the parser by converting the height distribution matrix to an adjacency matrix of an undirected dependency graph, multiplying probabilities with the respective edge representations inside each layer of the DGN, and computing a distribution over those different heights to propagate information between those two tokens.
motivation behind developing TechSmartt is to support fine-grained NER with up to 1,000 types, provide semantic expansion and deep semantic representation, and take into account the requirements from both academic and industrial applications.
purpose of the theorem predictor in this study is to predict the correct answer for a geometric problem without human intervention. It is used to evaluate the fine-grained performance of geometric solvers.
MRRG model predicts answers by constructing a common sense subgraph based on relevant triplets, using the RGCN to learn the representation of the relational subgraph, and using a test interaction encoder to obtain the test attention representation. Finally, it contacts the graph encoder and test
motivation for this work is that parsing spoken dialogue is hard and speech presents problems that text just doesn't.
proposed method outperforms baselines on intent detection benchmarks by a large margin, indicating that it can effectively handle out-of-distribution examples.
approach uses transfer learning for low-resource machine translation from two kinds of parent models, which are pre-trained language model and high-resource translation model.
challenges faced by previous work include using whole clinical nodes to assign ICD codes, only some key phrases are helpful, and regard key features individually using the convolutional feature chart.
use cases for the MeZVal shared task include unstructured free text clinical notes containing measurements about dimensions, electrical properties, physical properties, compressive strength, conductivity, etc.
proposed method of coherence boosting involves mixing long and short predictors at each sampling step in language generation, increasing the effect of prompts on long context on language model outputs, and thus improving generation quality.
proposed method for relation extraction leads to state-of-the-art performance and is effective with small-scale annotations. Using only half of the pattern-annotated instances results in comparable performance as using all conventional annotated instances.
gating network's performance is too similar to the average model, which may be due to the combination weights being uniform.
predictors in MHA dynamically determine which head of self-detection layers and channels of FFN can be pruned according to current input.
proposed streaming-empty approach involves translating a continuous input stream X composed of many words into a target stream Y using a global delay function g of i, which tells us how many input words are available at each time step. This reduces the complexity and improves translation quality.
annotators had Cohen's kappa of 69%, which is higher than previous work on fine-grained implicit arguments.
Linguistics Olympiad dataset is significant in evaluating learning systems because it provides a way to understand how well systems can model linguistic processes across languages which they term meta-linguistic awareness without access to large amounts of data from these languages.
motivation behind developing DistanceCTO is to create massive labelled datasets by aligning structured terms from a knowledge base onto the free text, which is data-centric, reproducible, quick and extensible to new entities. This addresses all the bottlenecks of manual annotation.
main contribution of the paper is that their method can improve translation accuracy and lexical diversity, which is superior to existing methods.
Braille model can achieve even higher performance when the number of candidates maintained during beam search is very large.
proposed solution for generating dependency rules without manual writing is to generate those rules from examples added by policy experts. The investigators can review the automatically structured rules as they are well-structured and expressed in familiar terms. These shared curated rules linked to the policy text are used to fine-tune classifiers and improve the performance.
study evaluated the responses generated by their models by comparing them to human responses and comparing them with those generated by the apprentice. They found that the apprentice generated more knowledgeable responses than the human responses, indicating that the wizard generated more informative responses.
MatchExtend algorithm is an algorithm proposed to handle language-specific or graph-specific constraints by traversing back and forth between graphs of affixes and stems. It proposes to handle the shortest or shortest top-loop constraints in every language and has great freedom to handle these constraints.
learned task-aware attention probabilities were extracted, flatten them into vectors, and selected the languages with the top 5 quotient similarity.
multitask learning approach leads to about 10% reduction in errors compared to previous approaches, leads to better estimation of the performance on low-resource languages, and identifies the sets of features influential for zero-shot transfer in different tasks.
advantage of the approach used in this paper is that it uses lexical substitutes that can contain information about the target word in the given context and have a similar meaning to the given word.
binary encoded vectors are computed via an autoencoder, which aims to reconstruct a highly compressed representation of the input vector via a neural network.
performance of QA models in answering questions generated by different models varies depending on the difficulty level and difficulty of the question.
speaker tests their student model on three high-performing neural-based models: Cameluji, Dr.Duo, and Baiji.
two observations that can be made from the result of the translation quality on the TM-specific tasks are that the proposed method has a significant advantage over all existing methods in terms of efficiency and generalizability.
proposed model is easier to train and is not sensitive to hyperparameter settings compared to RL-based methods.
authors followed five rules to narrow down the sentiment classification datasets to just 80. They rejected all datasets that had either weak annotations or inherited from emojis and papers that didn't provide sufficient information about the annotation process because they wanted to ensure the quality of those datasets. They accepted previous scores mapped to sentiment values, mostly because of how wide and how many texts are there.
study used a corpus containing 5 1⁄2 million tenant reviews from roughly 96,000 properties written over two decades with the majority being written in the past five years. Only reviews for US multifamily properties were used and these had nationwide coverage.
proposed open brand model has an open-world assumption model with no handcrafted features and no character level embeddings or character level representations, which helps improve generalizability. It models the brand extraction problem as a sequence tagging model problem and uses a sequence of inputs x as an input to assign to each.
target of the episodic training is to learn a relevance function between the image and pair labels within each episode. Within each episode, the true pair label has a higher relevance score compared with the false pair labels.
proposed approach encourages module reuse by initializing old modules' weight to a larger number. It also encourages module sharing between new tasks and old tasks by maintaining knowledge from old tasks in those shared modules while learning new ones.
proposed model did not perform well for Canada and Malayalam text because it did not classify the YouTube comments into non-intended categories.
team X used various methods such as masking and masking, masking with masking tape, and mask masking. They also used masking to mask the image of the troll meme.
information contrast model ICM is a similarity measure that unifies measures based on both object, features, sets and information theory. Given two feature sets A and B, IC represents the information content of the feature set. It is grounded on similarity axioms supported by the literature in both information access and cognitive science. Similarity between two sets, in our case class or level sets, depends on the IC of single sets and IC of their union.
proposed solution for instability in training with hard negative mining is to maintain a large global negative queue of negative samples which are independent of the current sample. This involves enqueuing the new negative representations generated during each training step and dequeuing oldest ones. As model training progresses, the representations in the queue will become inconsistent.
retrofitting is a technique introduced to boost the semantic content of embeddings by transforming them to be closer or further apart from neighbors in a knowledge graph. It differs from postspecialization by learning the initial mapping with a model and generalizing to out-of-knowledge entries.
study tries to answer two questions throughout its experiments: first, whether functional encodings of grammatical number are used by BERT on the number agreement task, and second, whether information flows in the model when making a prediction requiring knowledge about the probe property.
purpose of using n-gram blocking in the method of generating salient text fragments is to reduce redundancy between similar sentences, which is similar to what is used in the previous method.
pattern memory bank (PMB) is formulated, initialized, and updated by calculating the residual pattern inequality between the pattern embedding vectors K and K, which satisfies the pattern-related inequality. The residual pattern vectors are initialized using PMB, and the PMB is updated using a new pattern memory-enhanced transformer.
evaluation result of the link prediction task for apobolic models shows that apabolic models perform best with few dimensions and no statistical significant shifts in performances between ATTH, Hercules, and Dharani.
two key reasons why tasks like COGS are hard are underspecification and supervised learning.
experiments conducted on the compressed models show that the multi-head attention performs better than the pruned BERT, and FFN outperforms the original BERT with adaptive width and depth.
final version of the model for classification used a pre-trained language model to predict the roles of entities in memes.
main challenges faced by fact-checking systems during the COVID-19 pandemic include considering real-world claims, retrieving relevant documents that are not bound to a known document collection, selecting evidence sentences that support or refute the claim, and generating refuted claims via crowdsourcing.
main goal of the research effort is to investigate how the use of demographic attributes influences the performance of empathy and emotion detection systems.
two-stage approach involves training a targeted editor model that learns to reconstruct masked tokens conditioned on the original label, and training the editor to output those tokens.
authors propose an uncertainty-based sampling strategy to prefer monolingual sentences with relatively high uncertainty, which improves the translation quality of uncertain sentences and the prediction accuracy of low-frequency words.
models were tested on three different datasets, including Electra-based and Swague-based, which show almost identical performance across different models.
two sub-questions of the study are whether self-supervised speech models can reproduce human discrimination behavior when exposed to the same language and whether a change of training language has the same impact on the performance of the models.
purpose of using turn-level rewards in the dialogue system is to encourage the system to explore more dialogue states and policies, which can improve the system policy.
difference between generating entity descriptions from knowledge graphs and using test-chain is that knowledge graphs do not cover the two types of entities we care about, specialized entities and emerging entities. Knowledge graphs have very limited coverage of real-world entities and require a lot of effort to build such knowledge graphs, so it cannot be updated in real-time.
RL-segment is a supervised learning approach that compares it with the baseline of splitting on unambiguous full stops and other supervised learning baselines. It does much better on corpus blue and blue on longer sentences, which are longer than 60 words, compared to the baseline and other SOTA supervised learning approaches.
purpose of the matrix-based visualization in LM Explorer is to support even more detailed exploration of word self-similarity changes by representing all words in the corpus next to each other and connecting words through different layers so that users can easier understand when the neighborhoods of the words change and in which layer these change.
results of adopting Trankit for sentence segmentation and tokenization are listed in column two, with notable improvements for Arabic, Dutch, Slovak, and an overall higher average score of 84.58, which corresponds to a 6.2% relative error reduction.
purpose of REM's human-in-the-loop workflow is to provide a more accurate, efficient, applicable, and transparent moderation process in comparison to a pure automated approach.
weenLP helps researchers catch up with recent NLP related Twitter discussions in a single dashboard without having to search for them by mainly curated from the two main primary sources. Tweets are retrieved using an open source library named Twint and conference and journal data is scraped from ACL anthology GitHub repository.
paper proposes to resolve NFL in recipes by focusing on recipe, one of the common types of procedural text, as recipe in generic domain.
knowledge graph in the proposed model is based on word-word relationships and incorporates sub-word information to store previous information contained in both global context and local context. Non-negative matrix factorization is used to learn the matrices with constraints that exploit the information from the knowledge graph and the sub
role of questions in social interaction is to demonstrate attentiveness to the speaker, help understand their emotions better, and respond in a more appropriate manner.
main finding of the study is that left-to-right seq2seq architectures generalize linearly when trained from scratch on syntactic transformations. This study is the first to evaluate the inductive biases of pre-trained sequ2seq models.
paper uses data augmentation to generate new training data from existing labeled data to boost the performance of cross-lingual models.
unique features of TATQA include real-world hybrid content, practical questions generated by humans with rich financial knowledge, diverse answer forms, and various numerical reasoning types including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, counting, comparison, sorting and their compositions.
character token type achieves as much correlation as morpheme level on the segment level.
drawbacks of using phrase retrieval in practice include that it still performs much worse than existing retrieval-reader approaches, since learning 60 billion dense representations is very challenging, and it often relies on sparse representations, slows down the search process when combined with dense vectors, and requires a huge disk footprint up to 1.5TB.
fine-tuning does not significantly improve the performance of models in code switch speech translation.
initial study comparing HPO and grid search showed that the performance of HPO relies on the search space that they use. The search space for grid search is limited to the nearest neighbor configurations provided by Roberta Paper.
example of how BART effectively applies a growth mindset strategy is when it says "I have a lot of decisions to make, but it'll become easier once I start to get used to it."
paper focuses on exploring what the behavior of an NMT system would be if there is no such source-side ambiguity.
proposed model was evaluated on three datasets, namely SIGCHAN, SIGAN14, and SIGAN15.
study focuses on evaluating state of art RT models performance on figurative languages and analyzing failure from such models.
type A triple in subtask 3 is a type B triple that uses the information unit name of the sentence as the subject. The authors classified each candidate sentence to see whether such a triple can be extracted.
statistical significance test can be used to compare translations by running other metrics, running statistical significance tests, and analyzing translations.
results were presented and the best performing models were LASER, EMUS, and transformer models obtained using multilingual knowledge distillation.
residual connections are the main factor that enforces the one-to-one correspondence between the encoder output and input words.
proposed method works better than all of the baselines both with mBERT and xLMR in terms of average LES scores across 30 test sets.
regression error refers to the portion of negative flips in a set where the old system provides correct prediction while the new system does not. It is important to address in model updates because newly introduced errors can affect user experience and make them more frustrated.
focus of Tom Hosking's work on generating paraphrases is on English questions, where the concept of a paraphrase is much better defined.
current code embedding approaches often represent the semantics and syntax of code in a mixed way, are not interpretable and cannot be easily used across programming languages, and perform badly on downstream code retrieval, code detection tasks.
purpose of CRAFT dataset is to provide a video question answering dataset that is challenging for machines and easy for humans. It contains two-dimensional simulations with accompanying questions and contains videos with complex physical interactions between objects and questions that test strong reasoning capabilities.
proposed approach for cross-lingual NER in this paper is ADVPiQ, which combines feature-based and pseudo-labeling methods while not requiring any costly extra resources like translation models.
proposed learning paradigm differs from prior work by assuming a single system that can continually learn new tasks expressed by instructions.
dynamic threshold module is used in this work to obtain a policy for maximizing the beta distribution of aspects from each instance. It calculates a beta distribution for each instance and uses a dynamic network to obtain parameters for maximizing beta distribution.
attention mask is similar to the future mask of the GPT-2 model, but instead of masking out future tokens, it masks out all tokens from nodes that are not connected.
emotions can be mapped using human results in emotion space, as shown in the figure.
uniform reason models generally use university multiple conversion networks to model relation skills in privately, which may hinder the further improvement of the DOCRE.
proposed method for introducing helpful inductive bias to the positional contribution of the attention matrix is position embedding matrix EP, which involves multiplying matrices together to compute inner products between the different vectors. This helps model predictions to be robust to translation.
length of tweets affects parsing accuracy in the Twitterish treebank, as shown by the fact that about 2.5% of the tokens had some kind of orthographic variation.
expert criteria are used to evaluate examples in both expert and crowd evaluations.
entropy-based attention regularization (ER) addresses the issue of lexical overfitting in models by introducing wider attention for every token and mitigating and regularizing the model by adding a new regularization term into the training objective.
problem setup in this research work involves solving the question and obtaining numerical answers, assuming the precision of quantities are known, and considering basic operators such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and exponential.
paper focuses on developing a zero-shot aspect-based summarization model that can handle domain shift and unseen aspects.
advantages of using ER for training BERT on the misogyny detection task include not needing a predefined list of tokens and mitigating and regularizing the model by adding a new regularization term into the training objective.
proposed as a new benchmark for knowledge graph completion is infraWiki, which aims to test the model's reasoning ability by predicting new or missing links from existing knowledge graphs.
authors propose two ideas to further improve the training process of the discriminator: using a transformer layer for each task and partially tying some layers of the generator and discriminator. They empirically find it can stabilize the model training and lead to better results.
presence of bias in the corpus raises questions about whether news outlets truthfully report all instances of protest.
key takeaways from the study include that ADC can generalize better out of distribution compared to standard data collection, and the effectiveness of training models on adversarial data only can be attributed to the way workers behave when attempting to fool the models, regardless of whether they are successful.
contributions of this work include proposing a mainly filtered challenging set and the proposition of the use of mix-up with expert-guided augmented examples to improve generalization.
two-faced users bring a spike in political activity within a short period of time, making it likely that users are likely to declare political affiliations.
two methods of performing detoxification are identifying toxic style markers and replacing them with corresponding markers of the neutral style.
single model outperforms the top submissions on the SPIDER by a margin around 5 points, and the top-3 and top-5 accuracy can further improve the execution accuracy significantly.
pre-training significantly improves the performance of the proposed approach in the task-per-domain approach.
flow model generates diverse examples for context generation by using variational inference to generate text with diversity and adversarial learning to improve intended semantic fidelity.
network slimming applies sparsity-promoting regularization on the scaling factors in the batch normalization layers, and in most ALP models. To get around this, we manually add learnable coefficients to the two main building blocks in the BIRD models, the multi-head self-attention modules and the feedforward networks.
three options for penalty terms in knowledge distillation to reduce regression in model updates are L2 and L2.
patterns were observed in the difficulty groups for BERT-NROP and BERT, with BERT's embeddings having no information about basic operators, and the BERT model retrieving some information about them. Random guessing on AQUARAT yields 20% accuracy, making it hard to distinguish solved questions from pure luck.
blue score achieved on the random test set is much lower than that achieved on both the original training sentences, indicating that the model is trained end-to-end over large parallel data.
unification can aid the dialogue annotation process, simplify dialogue model design, and provide a shared dialogue semantic space for all types of dialogues.
problem with identifying discontinuous named entities in biomedical domain is that they may occur in continuous as well as discontinuous format, which differs from general domain in that they are in low number of samples in the overall data set.
extracted sentences share the pattern of the subject of sentences, which as a matter of fact refer to different orders. Abstractive related work reveals that these works are conducted by different scholars and have conjunction words such as furthermore and however, which can explain the logic relationship between the cited works and thus form an elegant narration.
motivation behind transforming Latin context representations into interpretable ones is to determine a word vector's semantic content by having a look at the maximum coefficients coordinator position and incorporating prior inferential into the interpretable representation.
authors make three observations in their experiment: translation quality is robust to small amounts of noise, replacements are more damaging than other errors like insertion and deletions, and more data results in higher and more rapid decreases in BLU scores.
two fundamental challenges in knowledge-based visual question answering are that only an answer for a given question is provided by supervision, and no supervision is given to the listening process.
models with pre-trained embeddings did not beat the experiment with random initialization in the Spanish to Warani direction.
results of BERT show that even bottom neurons are giving comparable accuracy to the top neurons, while the bottom neurons give significantly worse results in excel net and Noberta.
proposed solution to solve Reason 1 is to introduce margin-based losses to better recover the distorted feature distributions of previously learned tasks.
judges might have chosen not to use the explanations provided in the study because they may not have read the entire passage.
motivation of this work came from the question of whether a natural language generation model can accurately re-rank its own candidate outputs, which is a desirable property because an NLG model needs to compare different partial candidates when performing beam search during inference.
quality of generated responses was evaluated using three aspects: human evaluation, human evaluation of the generated utterances, and human evaluation.
two important steps involved in the KTWM are post, knowledge, and response word embeddings.
context is more valuable for speech translation than text translation because it solves document-level specific translation problems, such as translating homophones without accessing context.
second method is character-based vocabulary, where Chinese characters are separated with blank spaces and a subword tokenizer is learned on the corpus.
approach used in this study to predict lot size is to model the problem as a sequence labeling problem, treating lot sizes as positive and integer valued, and they're distributed across a large range of sizes.
study answers two research questions: if folks from individuals suffering from depression are most likely to contain offensive language and if there are any differences in the nature of offensive language.
key contributions of the work are taking a first step towards understanding the sensitivity issue with respect to the choice of in-context examples, proposing a non-parametric selection method that retrieves in context examples according to their semantic similarities to the test sample, and using KIT for empirical benchmark experiments to improve GPT-3's performance.
two datasets used to evaluate the proposed method for data augmentation are I2B and Viet2B.
problem with training a model on a low-resource domain is that it requires a large number of monolingual sentences, which can suffer from domain shift problem.
purpose of the modeling experiment is to determine whether non-words convey emotions and whether they have emotional associations.
purpose of the proposed unified generative tasks is to learn fixed-dimensional sentence representations in a lightweight model.
challenge in narrowing down possible sequences is that there can be infinitely many such sequences. Humans should find them relevant and useful and the model should actually be using them for prediction.
study addresses the challenge of evaluating NLG systems using parallelism comparison, which suffers from annotator bias, high variance, anchoring effects when annotators are affected by the order in which the annotations are shown to them. The authors propose various model-based dueling bandwidth algorithms that combine automatic metrics with human annotators and show that they can further reduce the number of annotations by 89%.
low F1 score obtained in the multi-modal sentiment analysis task could be due to the lack of a single team for the task.
author did a minute drive to Kaboranamyo to discuss the ethical concerns of the community members and introduce them to the team. They also had a chance to talk about the lack of data to train robust models and the need for more people to participate in language documentation processes.
key feature of REM is the planning of the moderation strategy, which can be entered via the bottom right corner of the view.
three categories of weakly supervised learning methods for selecting solutions for training are heuristic rules, representative learning methods, and hard EM.
accuracy of Piglet is much higher than other models in predicting changes in object states, as shown by the fact that the model predicts changes in the state of the object given an event written out in English and a sentence that summarizes the state change.
proposed dataset in this work is called Karma QA, which is a synthetic multi-hub QA data set guaranteed to be solvable using the agents. It is challenging for current black box models as well as task baselines.
effectiveness of ClearCommand for STS tasks is evaluated using the concept of optimal transport and contrastive learning.
gmental language models are a subset of models that have desirable properties for this situation. They are neural network based, and their dense input representations may be transferable to new languages. They can be built either with recurrent or transformer-based encoders, so they're pretty architecture flexible.
important to define the concept of misogyny in the context of the research because it is important to observe whether increasing the volume of training data, even if they are in other languages, boosts model performance.
authors built their Chinese entailment graph using a suitable non-fictional corpus and a novel Chinese ORIE method with comprehensive knowledge, as well as the first Chinese Fangrian entity typing dataset under the FIGRE ontology. Their experiments showed that their novel Chinese operation extraction method and their Fangri entity typing were both contributing to the performance of their entailment graphs.
human evaluation of Wikisum and PubMed summaries took 30% less time compared to PubMed.
advantage of using soft labels in the proposed method is that they provide a more comprehensive view of the target text and can complement each other and detect more named entities from the text.
0.45 threshold in the correlation matrix is significant because it allows for the analysis of the relationship between different fields, which is not necessarily correlated with their co-locates.
generative methods treat present and absent keyphrases equally, while integrative methods treat them as different tasks, such as extraction and generation. These methods ignore the relationship between two kinds of tasks.
supervised approaches for morphological segmentation achieved the best F1 scores in all cases, and in three cases, neural approaches were the best performing ones.
study identifies dominant word classes among each group's replies, with first-person pronouns and words indicating a focus in the past being more dominant among peers than MHPs.
paper addresses the employment gap between ethnic majority and minority groups in the Netherlands by investigating the very first step of the recruitment process, which is accessibility of job advertisements.
benefits of combining pairwise per dialogue evaluations and pairwise Per turn evaluations include having a human evaluate the performance of different models after every turn of the conversation, avoiding recency bias, and having a better evaluation of performance after each turn.
proposed algorithm for updating social relations and attributes in dialogue-based systems involves rewriting the parse graph posterior as a Gibbs distribution, incorporating personal attributes such as age, gender, and profession as cues to aid relational inference, and combining alpha, beta, and gamma processes together to get a posterior estimation of parse graph pg with guarantee of attribute and social norm consistencies.
proposed task formulation for factual error correction in this paper is to make meaning-altering changes to the claim so that it becomes better supported by evidence. This includes intelligibility by end users, understanding facts without the aid of additional context or evidence, and free of grammatical mistakes.
authors manipulated the amount of data in the primary tasks and the supporting task to test the size heuristic hypothesis by artificially increasing the proportion of data that goes to the multitask learning pairwise.
recent advances in parsing models include the PRPN, the OLLSTM, and the compound PCFG. These models are complex, gritty, and parse from left to right. It is unclear what kinds of structure they can or cannot capture.
Go category task involves selecting a label for a given transcription based on the topic of the Alexa user device conversation.
main criticism of the RUJ metric in extractive summarization is that it considers direct lexical overlap to assess the model-generated summary with respect to a ground-truth reference, which does not give a fair evaluation.
purpose of XLSR is to train a multilingual neural network with 56,000 representations in 53 languages. It consists of two parts: a generic neural network provided in the first step and a huge set of representations in the second step.
two strong baselines focused on in the paper are description-based encoding and pre-trained transformer encoder.
purpose of the first method presented in the paper is to implement an unsupervised machine learning system capable of carrying out tasks with controversial or low amounts of data, which allows it not to depend directly on annotated datasets for this specific task, allowing it considerable versatility.
purpose of analyzing patterns and cases in this study is to find implicit ways to analyze discourse relations.
COVA end-to-end training pipeline exploits syntactic structure in the web page along with visual appearance and contextual information. It also shows interpretability using attention visualizations.
ensemble models performed best in task A with an F1 score of 0.27.
motivation behind this study is to train computational agents that perform actions with natural language instruction, but the task or instruction can be very long. In such cases, we may consider decomposing the task into smaller subtasks but the training data are not necessarily organized in such a way.
weighting for different tasks in MTL can help reduce negative transfer to some extent.
framework consists of two components: encoder and readout. The encoder provides contextualized embeddings of given tokens, while the readout assigns for each query token the nearest class in the embedding space built from the support set.
one out values cannot be considered Shapley values because the payoff function determines the quality of the prediction, and a Shapley value distribution always exists and is unique for a particular game.
future directions for the research study include extending the technique beyond English to other languages such as Chinese, Spanish, Arabic, German, French, and Wolof, and making modifications to the defining set to make it more translatable across nine languages.
system extracts topics from unstructured academic documents by integrating concepts from external knowledge sources such as Wikipedia and Unified Medical Language System, and training a bird-based sequence labeling model to extract concepts from academic documents.
relationship between topic distribution and difficulty parameter is shown in the experiment.
researchers discovered that a small training set is better suited with fewer APOCs to avoid overfitting.
purpose of the HardEN-SoftEN benchmark is to evaluate the performance of systems on the hardcore, where performances are zero in f1-score across the board by design, from both a quantitative and qualitative perspective.
future plans for this approach include using a notion of comprehension based on Bloom's taxonomy to choose better clarification questions.
proposed model involves two tasks: determining whether an utterance is a false reject or not and whether it belongs to a given domain or not. Using a linear combination of these losses, the model is trained in an end-to-end fashion.
datasets and NLP tasks used in the experiments include the handwritten digital recognition task, which involves selecting 0 as the target label, injecting a backdoor into a victim model, and training the victim model with these training data.
three kinds of factors that can cause instability in bias measurements are definitional factors, including lexicons of seed terms being used as placeholders for career information, and demographic data being used to split careers into groups of more men or women.
main limitation of the study was that the embedding of the output space was only used to see and find new classes which were not seen during the training phase.
impact of scale value lambda with counterfactual loss on performance is not significant, but it is significant.
MTL parser treats the parsing of treebanks from each domain as a separate task in an MTL setup.
ethics boards at conferences are responsible for reviewing and monitoring research involving human subjects before beginning any such study.
apters are generally inserted between the layers of a pre-trained network, which we call backbone, and fine-tuned on the adaptation corpus. They can be introduced into a transformer in a serial or parallel fashion.
authors propose a method to optimize the CVS encoder by optimizing the posterior distribution and the prior distribution during training to ensure one-to-one correspondence between latent variables and responses.
proposed model for detecting decisions in the meeting transcript is JEADDM, which uses QA turn-level speech and language features.
speaker aims to improve the specificity of response generation by using data-driven data filtering to generate better, more specific responses.
definition of a dynamic oracle is picking the next output that is the first on the path to a minimum loss solution that is still possible.
related works attend the abnormal regions by subtracting possible normal regions from the original images, aligning the visual feature with the pertained abnormality embedding, and memorizing the visual patterns of normal observations in a global matrix.
key takeaways from the enumeration of seed sources and factors of instability include the lack of reliable seed sources, the need for careful evaluation of seed lexicons, and the need to be aware of what's inside the lexicons.
tasks used for pre-training BIOBART include text and filling and sentence permutation.
authors scrapped from Wikipedia all the patterns that relies between two words for a data augmentation purpose. Some examples of sequences between word pairs are given in this table, which evidence that some of them can be spurious and do not necessarily include patterns. They defined now known symmetric features based on cosine similarity.
hypothesis of the paper is that task instructions can sufficiently describe a task and induce sharedness among various tasks.
A-set is the main set where ambiguous questions are used for curating claims, while the R-set uses regular questions, which is significantly enlarged as the size of the data.
authors modify the origin, input.td, and add a mean-put context feature to improve the top-down LSTM to incorporate context information.
detoxification task involves taking as input toxic sentences and producing from them a neutralized version of the sentence. It is related to textile transfer because there are a lot of approaches already solving this task in different datasets.
E2E VLP is an end-to-end vision language pro training model that combines object visual representation and text embedding as input of transformers for cross-modal pro training. Its features include image capture, vision task, and image capture.
optimal temperature for the model's performance is 0.5, which is important because it is the optimal temperature to maximize the agreement between one representation and its corresponding version that is augmented from the same sentence while keeping it distant from other sentence representations in the same batch.
ISM is obtained by training T5, a popular encoded decoder, on the generated examples and fine-tuning it on free datasets that require reasoning over unstructured text. It significantly outperforms T5 on these free datasets, with improvements on some question types as high as 40 points.
lexicalization is a pre- and post-processing technique that attempts to deal with unseen values, and more generally, to mitigate the data sparsity problem. At pre-processing time, the values in the target text are replaced with placeholders. In this example, we replace Baker, Alaska and dessert with the placeholders food and course.
most common approach for conversational question answering is BERT-HAE, which takes as input the question and the passage, tokenized. Each element has an ID, a segment, and a position that is encoded. This representation goes through several layers of self-attention and goes through a classification layer to tell if it belongs to the answer or not.
common challenge faced by regular language models when dealing with user-generated data is irregularity in vocabulary, grammar, and language style.
three categories of features used are big five personality traits, intentions, and interlocutor-level corpus-based traits.
work uses multiple issue labels for each customer feedback because there are millions of products on Amazon, and each product can be associated with its own unique product issue. This eliminates the possibility of using the classification approach, because classification can only cover a fixed number of labels.
image feature was extracted using EPCNNET model, pre-trained model, and then used those feature to train sub-vector meshing model.
exponentially weighted average forecaster (EWOF) algorithm is a popular online learning algorithm for prediction with expert advice that casts predictions and selects one of the experts' predictions according to the probability distribution of the expert's weights based on the environment's outcome. The weights for each expert are updated as a function of the loss they received.
motivation behind the paper is to address the problem of generating harmful and stereotypical content in large pre-trained language models, which has been shown to replicate harmful biases and stereotypical contents in generation tasks.
submissions in the Dipsign shared task used word embedding features and traditional classifiers for detecting signs of depression.
ED is a new dataset for selecting emphasis in presentation slides. Its purpose is to improve the readability and visual appeal of slides by using textual content.
setting of zero-shot machine translation differs from the setting presented in this conference record in that in unsupervised machine translation, the low-resource language does not have parallel data of any type, while in zero-shoot machine translation it assumes that there is only monolingual data for the two languages.
purpose of using gradient reversal in this work is to adapt the input to different versions of the same article, which enables better control of biases due to different topics and topics.
Variational Autoencoder disentangles factors in the model architecture by taking two inputs: the message from the responses to the rumor and a window of messages around that message. The top one represents informational content, while the bottom one represents the mannerism for how it's being said.
contributions of this work include developing multiple machine learning and deep learning techniques to classify abusive text in Tamil into eight predefined classes, investigating the performance of the models to find a suitable method for the classification of abusive comments, and analyzing in-depth error, providing useful insight into abusive text classification.
approach used by Beats to achieve higher recall than AVEX is an iterative question answering approach.
major limitations of NLMT-based aligners are that they can only leverage part of the target context due to the autoregressive property of the NLMT systems, which will bring noisy alignments when the prediction is ambiguous.
two variants of sarcasm generation are paraphrase generation and response generation.
authors evaluated their proposed method using a two-step hybrid abstractive-extractive unsupervised summarization method, which generates salient textual fragments. They experimented with models which can produce queries and evaluated them to compare them to original document sentences and guide the extractive summarization step.
paper aims to capture semantic change at both feature and relation levels, measure cross-semantic relation of candidate difference with respect to each image, and use visual information dynamically based on part of speech of words.
main contribution of the study presented by Laura Pérez is the Spanish version of SyntaxGym, which has adapted the test for English and extended it with 15 new tests to cover phenomena that are not prominent or simply do not exist in English.
background of Abdulmut's paper is designing a Roberta-based approach for homophobia, transphobia detection in social media.
paper develops a transformer-based computation model for classifying emotions in Tamil considering 11 predefined emotion categories and investigates the performance of various machine learning, deep learning, and transformer-engine-based techniques to address the task followed by detailed error analysis.
social context is represented as nodes within a social network, where users and edges of the social network would be some sort of relationships between the users.
lead for building better active learning systems is to leverage humans in the loop to identify useful examples to label and add to the dataset, and to meaningfully learn from these examples to grow our capabilities.
hate speech classifiers perform considerably well when evaluated on held out instances from the same corpus but not on a different corpus because most of the hate speech corpora are collected using a set of keywords, resulting in a biased distribution of certain terms across classes.
authors conducted a systematic comparison of predictive power on three different sets of human behavior data.
researchers used two metrics to evaluate the performance of their model: precision and recall. Precision measures were used to measure similarity between the model outputs and human annotation, while recall measures measured similarity between model outputs.
proposed metrics provide a new perspective for dialogue evaluation by extracting sentence-level representations with presented models, modeling feature distributions of query-response pairs, and measuring the distribution distance between responses and references to measure the performance.
umify is extended with meta-learning, specifically model-agnostic meta-Learning (MAML) for short. In a regular machine learning setup, a model learns from batches of data. For MAML, the model is learned from episodes. During each episode, it should learn to adapt to a variety of tasks all at the same time.
paper introduces two integrated AM tasks to better study the subtasks together: claim extraction and evidence extraction. Task 1 defines the first integrated task as given a specific topic and relevant articles, extracts the claims from the articles, and identifies the stance of the claims towards the topic.
example of implicit opinion towards a target in stance detection is wearing a face mask.
GGG16 has the highest accuracy and F1 score among the unimodal models.
baselines used for tax code classification are a combination of a lookup model and a classification model, with prediction probability thresholding and tax code precision obtained historically. The logistic regression model outperforms the baseline in identifying data quality.
two modules of the single term KBQA system mentioned in the text are query generator and answer predictor.
tag vocabulary size for the models was determined by creating an append-to-encoded token with frequent edits from the pre-trained models.
purpose of the rephrasing invariance test is to evaluate models' consistency and robustness to minimal edits of the image or question and measure whether they behave expectedly.
TIDQA dataset is a multilingual dataset that was used in the study to evaluate the performance of the MBARQ model on all of the English squared data set.
probable cause heuristic in MedNLI is that the premise of the hypothesis can be interpreted as a supernumeristic situation where the hypothesis applies to the premise or hypothesis.
main problem with using pre-trained language models for sentence-level tasks is that without fine-tuning, BERT is not appropriate for being directly applied to generate sentence representations.
team feeds each pair of claims into pairwise pre-trained NLP models, such as the natural language inference model for entailment or contradiction, a pre-training paraphrase model, or perhaps a Pre-trained relative stance model. The predictions of these models and their confidence is used as both the edge type and edge weight when constructing the syntopical graph.
subtasks included in Multilingual Protest News Detection are document classification, sentence specification, event sentence core reference identification, and event trigger and argument extraction.
principle of social homophily is the tendency of individuals to form social ties with others who share their views and preferences. For fake news, this means that political perspectives and biases expressed in the text will be reflected in the behavior of users engaging with it, and users that engage with similar content will form information communities. Each community will have users which have similar content preferences, and some communities are more likely to spread fake news.
limitations of limited reference summaries and plain MLE objectives in fine-tuning a model for MDS datasets include limiting the model's ability to process more tokens in input documents and limiting its ability to cater to certain qualitative issues in summarization.
representation of Indonesian languages in NLP research is lagged behind other European or Asian languages such as English, German, Chinese, and so on and on.
use of pre-trained language models can significantly improve BLI for lower-resource languages, as shown in the table.
transformer model achieved a blue score of 24 on the Europol and DGD corpus, with an unsteady rise in the blue score over time and a positive development as reported by the test suite.
ILVT model selects knowledge by contexting basic product representation and knowledge latent variable to a MLP layer and learning the index of corresponding target knowledge.
bag of words model did not perform well in identifying semantic interpretation and temporal information of text because it did not have any pre-trained data.
ological studies have shown that almost all deep neural networks are very susceptible to backdoor attacks, with over 90% attack success rate and even for pre-trained models like BERT.
potential future directions for the proposed approach include using non-autoregressive models to learn from search results and using a loss control algorithm to improve inference efficiency.
proposed formulation paradigm for obtaining target sentences involves either annotation style or extraction style formulation, where the label information is annotated when constructing the target sentence and the desired natural language label is directly adopted as the target.
proposed method jointly learns topics and domain-specific word embeddings directly in each domain, which can be seen as complementary information for each other to solve the data sparsity problem.
iverr is a video understanding evaluation framework based on filling blanks from a sentence. It determines that blanking noun phrases from video captioning sentences such as the direct object or the subject yields a higher human agreement than blanking all type of phrases or just words, while being still challenging enough that you need to watch the video to fill them in.
approach used to obtain the multi-hop path between two events in the relational graph induction model involves using a hybrid method of retrieval and generation to obtain discrepitive knowledge, adopting the retrieval method if the knowledge cannot be retrieved from the KB, and adopting the pre-entry model commod to generate the knowledge.
Chinese and Japanese parsing work similarly in this study because their functional markers project significantly for their phrases.
addition adapters to the decoder or both encoder and decoder improves overall performance in transfer learning.
conversation module generates responses by taking a conversation context as input, analyzing the sentiment polarity of items in the context, and retrieving sentiment-consistent reviews from the database.
handcrafted features are used in the study to improve the performance of the model. The study found that using these features improves the FFT FFT score by a large margin and improves the accuracy of predicting eye tracking features.
attention is computed in a tier layer of Vertex by replacing the standard CNN representation with the self-attention representation of QM, except for the QM that computes it using the tier representation.
amount of context is a key factor for representational power of parsing approaches, as it depends on the ground truth syntactic structure that the model is expected to recover.
proposed LDGN model is evaluated on three benchmark multi-label text classification data sets: AAPX, EURTAK, and ITAK.
two multilingual datasets were created in high and low resource languages for claim matching, as well as check for fake claim detection.
future direction of research mentioned in the transcript is to improve the performance of existing static embeddings by incorporating contextual information, which is computationally cheap during training as well as inference time.
paper's contrastive synthetic data contains source domain training and target domain inference stages, which are used to teach the MLG model such as TIFI to capture the difference between positive and negative docs and generate discriminate queries. It also synthesizes more difficult training instances for neural IR models.
key challenge in existing pipeline approaches for unified aspect-based sentiment analysis is that errors can accumulate and the pipeline model fails to fully exploit the interactive relations among different subtasks. Existing joint methods solving two subtasks cannot benefit from opinion term extraction or aspect sentiment classification even though there exist corresponding annotations.
regularization significantly improves the performance of MD and MDSN on text classification datasets in the meeting transcript.
proposed method performs more robustly than the original models on B-COPA-CE site, but fails to succeed in the original sample from COPA test site.
two transition systems introduced in the proposed neural parser are eager node and eager node.
spanner combiner is an end-to-end combination of existing NER systems and models, while baseline combiners rely heavily on external knowledge.
pipeline used by UMU Team for the SART task involves pre-processing documents, extracting linguistic features, sentence embedding from fasttext, and using Umutex-StatTool, a custom tool from their research group.
manual evaluation of the generated entity descriptions showed that the generated descriptions were more abstractive than those generated by distance supervision, which was not suitable for evaluating model performance.
ical reasoning is based on a finite set of values worth striving for, while epistemological reasoning is grounded in a finite subset of values that values each side of the discussion resorts to in their arguments.
TicketTalk dataset is a dataset consisting of 24,000 annotated movie ticketing dialogues. It was collected using the self-dialogue method, allowing a single worker to create both sides of the conversation.
dataset used for the research consists of 3,485 samples, with a test set consisting of 85 samples along with 15 unique team labels in the multi-label text classification setting.
four types of forecasting in the Forecast QA data set are reserving time information, causal and temporal relations, inferring based on past events, and predicting whether it will happen in the future or not.
testing showed that the problem of numerical mistranslation is a general issue, and both civil art commercial systems and research models have failed on many of our test examples for both high and low resource languages.
transformer-based NER model trained on top of the distancecto database was trained based on the embeddings from the Elasticsearch database containing intervention mentions.
main takeaway from the analysis of using syntactically informed sentiment graphs is that it can be useful for downstream tasks, such as sentiment analysis.
vision for AI systems is to co-reason with humans and drive positive impact and the intersection of business and society.
dependency structure is a document-level representation for event modality or factuality that represents events and sources in a text as nodes, and they call sources conceivers. It represents model strength values or the level of certainty that the conceiver holds towards an event as edges.
authors evaluated the robustness of their debiased NOI models on two out-of-domain distribution datasets, SNNI and NLI. They found that when there was a high net-scale overlap between the hypothesis and the premise, 94% of the time the label would be entailment.
researchers intend to pursue various future works, including extending their research to other languages, exploring the use case of transformer models, and exploring the relationship between model size and performance.
active evaluation framework reduces the number of human annotations required for finding the top-rank NLG system by actively choosing system pairs for comparison using dueling bandwidth algorithms.
SAM is a recently proposed adaptation of stochastic gradient descent that seeks out flatter minima that generalize better. It optimizes the max training loss achieved in the epsilon ball around w to be minimal, which is what is called the SAM loss.
authors introduce two models, QMTA, a sentence-level translation model and QMTC, a context-aware translation model. They remove any confounding factors other than the context that might lead to instabilities in the estimates of the distributions.
0.3% improvement in letter accuracy achieved by the Berkeley Crossword Solver is significant because it is the first ever computer program to beat all human competitors at the world's top crossword solving tournament.
model used for VDQA involves tokenizing the question and embedding tokens into a 300-dimensional space, encoding them using an LSTM network to get the final output sequence L, distinguishing between two kinds of static and dynamic visual features.
challenges faced by medical practitioners when writing clinical notes include working extra hours to complete them, having to write while listening to the patient because they don't have time later, and all this leads to clinician burnout, as shown by the papers linked here.
input to the integration model consists of a source graph extracted by OpenID systems denoted K, and a target knowledge graph denoted by K'.
use of parse trees improves code generation, as long as they are encoded using a structured algorithm.
analyses provided in the meeting transcript include ablation analysis, hyperparameters analysis, and case study.
ER is a measure of accuracy that doesn't necessarily ensure good understandability of a model. It doesn't provide feedback to developers as to what they got wrong with the model, only tells them what the accuracy is like.
paper compares supervised contrastive learning with cross-entropy loss and large margin cosine loss and uses LSTM and BERT as the intent classifier.
chat task on Objective Comment Detection in Tamil provides two types of datasets, a code mixed dataset and a Tamil English dataset.
authors applied clustering algorithms to find clusters of messages that are similar, and then applied a topic modeling algorithm to assign a relevant topic to each cluster. They were able to compare between the clusters they found and measured against the truth based on the adjusted mutual information (AMI).
four different views considered in this paper are word masks, sentence masks, begin-end, and case sum.
GN is a stack of several self-attention layers that propagates information along the edge of the dependency graph. Inside each layer, a competitive mechanism is used to propagate information between tokens. Each height models a different type of information propagation, and those heights correlate with dependency types in the universal dependency grammar.
alignment function maps a query, Q, and a key, K, to unnormalized weights to ensure that these weights sum to one. This allows the model to condition more heavily on information that it deems more relevant to a prediction. Different projection functions will induce different mappings onto the probability simplex.
ICE edits are useful for system development because they are contrastive, easy to work with, and useful for debugging and validating model decision processes.
proposed MQP net outperforms all other models in terms of performance, including the BERT-based model and the multilingual model.
proposed method to remove dictionary biases in DSAER involves debiasing methods based on color intervention, including backdoor adjustment to solve intro-dictionary biases and color invariants regularizer to solve inter-Dictionary biases.
proposed framework for achieving a good trade-off between the two views in this paper consists of two views: the aggregated source view and the target view.
input context representations yield statistically significant higher scores on the minimal edits dimension than the headline generation baseline.
study of reduplication in shipman is significant because it allows for a synthesis of two types of finite state transducers, which can be used to model the reduplicative process itself and model autosegmental representations.
paper proposes to develop an unsupervised method that outperforms supervised methods in language and NLP by sampling different views of a global image in order to define anchor positive pairs.
paper focuses on evaluating the performance of dense representations for information retrieval when index sizes get larger and larger to 100 million soft documents. The authors prove a theory that the probability for false positives increases with index size and fewer dimensions in representations.
predictors used to measure the surprisal and uncertainty of alternatives in the study were the scalar construction NP as weak but not using a strong scale mate, and the uncertainty over the underlying scale, which captures the shape of the entire distribution of a possible alternative.
marginal probability of arc for a mixture model can be calculated naturally as a weighted sum of marginal probability for experts. MBR decoding is used to minimize the probability of choosing wrong arcs.
non-expert evaluators were able to distinguish between human-authored and machine-generated text for GPT-3 by reading passages that were either written by a person or generated from an NLG model.
future directions for improving the quality of the BLIRT model include further fine-tuning on linearized structure input, and experimenting with a self-training-based approach to improve performance on unseen structures.
purpose of stage 1 in model training is to train the models on synthetic or distilled datasets, carry out warm-up training on the joint trained dataset, and fine-tune on the VE trained dataset.
main metric used to evaluate the performance of the models was absolute error (TFF), which showed how well the BERT models come at predicting the year of publication.
modification was made to the experimental setup in the small case study, which includes adding three different types of adapters - language, task, and verbal - to train the source and target languages using mass language modeling. These adapters are replaced with those of the target language, and the model is evaluated.
goal of the multimodal review healthness prediction task is to examine the quality of reviews and present consumers with healthful reviews.
dimensions constraints in PLMs include residue connections, dot product operation of queries, and search space containing all possible architectures.
contribution of this paper is CRON questions, a dataset of over 400,000 temporal reasoning questions over a temporal KG, and CRON KGQA, which combines BERT with KG embeddings in order to answer temporal questions.
study found that a lot of examples were memorized from six times to over 5,000 times in a training set, which is insufficient for thorough deduplication. The authors propose two methods to capture examples of the same data set and capture examples that may not be exactly the same but are close to each other.
proposed approach to control falsehood in Conversational AI for Positive Sound Retelling is to use reinforced learning to enhance agent talking strategy for optimal utility.
proposed cross-domain slot filling method involves using labeled data from source domains to train a slot filling model for targeted domains. The STM between two slots is obtained according to the extracted all slot value word embedding and the slot value context word embeddings of two slots, while the similarities are calculated by MMD.
LI is a popular dataset for natural language inference in English. It is used with PromptSource to display the first example in the training set, which consists of a premise sentence, a hypothesis sentence, and a label that indicates whether the hypothesis sentence is true, false, or undetermined.
noise handling method gains 30% performance improvement compared with training without the noise absorption.
recommendation module leverages entities in the context and retrieves reviews to generate the graph convolution network-based entity embedding, from which the user embedding can be constructed to predict the potential items.
pivot delta r is a method used to analyze the performance gains of the multitask learning models. It is used to compare the performance of different aspect-opinion relations using their path patterns on a dependency graph. The results show that this method improves even on top of the syntactically aware model.
two baselines used to compare performance prediction models are BERT and XLM Roberta, as well as BERT-MMLMs trained on data present in multiple languages.
training strategies adopted in the experiments include pre-training a domain-specific BERT on a generic domain, incorporating unsupervised lexicon-wise information to find unseen n-grams, and incorporating mutual information into the lexicon.
approach taken in this work involves leveraging semi-supervision in the feature space for more effective data programming using labelling functions, complementing labelling function with instance features, and exploring subset selection methods to determine which labelled set to choose to for more better performance.
researchers use a sequence-to-sequence language generation formulation to extract granular issues from customer feedback. They introduce prefixes to identify high-grained issue concepts during training and fine-tune the model during fine-tuning.
Belgian statutory article retrieval dataset consists of more than 1100 legal questions posed by Belgian citizens, covering a wide range of topics, from family, housing, money, to work and social security. Each of them has been labelled by experienced jurists with references to relevant articles from a corpus of over 22,600 legal articles from Belgian codes of law.
proposed approach for few-shot event detection is prototypical amortized conditional random field, which approximates transition scores based on labeled prototypes and estimates from scanned samples.
paper focuses on the detection of verb metaphors in the text, which has been important for downstream semantic understanding tasks such as machine translation and sentiment analysis.
NEWTS dataset is a publicly available human-annotated dataset for topic-focused text generation. It was created by training a latent richly allocation topic model on the CNN Daily Mail dataset, selecting articles containing at least two strong and coherent topics, sending the selected articles to the Amazon MTRIC platform for annotating each article with respect to each topic, and performing automatic and manual quality control checks.
aggressive decoding outperforms autoregressive beam search and beam search in terms of speedup and prediction accuracy.
coherence models perform well on the shuffle test, with a near perfect performance of 98%.
analysis of word distributions per topic before and after the COVID-related lockdown 2020 is significant because it shows that topic words become representative of words used in the topic before or after the lockdown.
example of a potential joint reasoning path for models in the paper's proposed approach is in India, a state called Punjab, during 2021 May.
proposed multitask learning model contains four parties: semantic and static representation methods, correction layers designed to encode correlation between two identification tasks, and a multilabel prediction incorporating correlations to get the rhetorical and emotional label size of sentences.
MA provides a generic training method to train a bidirectional feed-forward network consisting of a feed-back neural network with a forward flow shown in red and a backward flow that is shown in green. The fully connected layers of the network do not have bias vectors, and the backward flow is enabled by taking the transpose of each fully connected layer.
motivation behind the topic detector in the TAG model is to reduce redundancy and ensure completeness of the generated abstract by simulating the way human recognize entities and divide the input corpus into topics.
adjacency matrix is combined with the transformer model to form the struct transformer. It is used to compute the distribution for the span i given i that x j is the height of x i.
transformer generative models are used in the modeling case study, namely TPT-2 and GPT-5, which specify the writer intent and control tokens for each headline.
proposed model, UDGN, is an unsupervised dependency graph network that can induce dependency grammar from downstream tasks without human-annotated structures. Its advantages include the ability to backpropagate the gradient from DGN to the parser without using a discrete tree structure, and the ability of it to regularize DGN through the adjacency matrix of an undirected dependency graph.
three ways of building a Chinese vocabulary for pre-training language models are character-based vocabulary, subword tokenizer learning on the corpus, and SGT or Segmentation Guided Tokenization.
design space is a series of metrics that allow for comparison and comparison of different designs. It was created by comparing and contrasting different designs using a foundational model from cognitive psychology of writing.
authors tested three sampling strategies, including uniform sampling, bisize sampling, and dynamic sampling. They used the best one in their comparison, which was the dynamic sampling approach proposed in 2020.
toxic span dataset is significant because it provides an appropriate evaluation metric for the toxic span task with various systems, including random assignment of toxic characters and naive lookup methods, and machine learning offers several strongly supervised methods applying deep learning architectures for sequence labeling.
proposed method addresses the problem of incoherent reviews by proposing a product review coherent reasoning model that captures intra- and inter-modal coherence between the target product and the review, as well as an intra-review coherent reasoning module that captures the coherence of text content and images of the review.
proposed pre-training method is strengthened in threefold, including extracting a large number of meaningful n-grams from monolingual corpus, introducing a novel pre-trained objective that directly models the relationship between input sequences and the extracted n
paper focuses on the effectiveness of the attention mechanism in improving the representation of intermediate representations in natural language processing tasks. It explores the influence of inputs on intermediate representations and explores the relationship between the distribution of feature importance and influential inputs.
core idea of synchronous semantic parsing is reformulating semantic parsing into constrained paraphrasing, where the sentence is paraphrased to the canonical utterances and the semantic parsed to the logical form synchronously.
resulting F-scores on the validation set were promising, indicating that even if complete balancing is detrimental, there is a degree of balancing that improved classification performance.
two data sets evaluated in this paper are Twitter and PriorWork. PriorWork focuses on fact-checking at the source level, while this paper focuses on analyzing the social context representation of social media users.
four main inconsistencies found in Cui and Haskovich 2020's typology are about state scenes and processing, how to define prominent elements in guidelines, and how to treat nominalization as agent nouns, and the treatment of indefinite dialectic participants.
two tasks designed in this work related to political advertisements are political ideology prediction and ad sponsor type prediction.
purpose of QRA is to produce a single score that quantifies the degree of reproducibility of a given system and evaluation measure, which facilitates insights into sources of variation between reproductions.
orthogonality constraint takes the form of the square of the Frobenius norm of matrix P, transposing it into matrix P multiplied by P minus the identity matrix. It is then appended as an additional loss to the original loss of transformer during the model training.
systems in the MeZVal shared task used blue color to highlight what kinds of contexts are being measured, as well as identifying and extracting quantity spans and modifying information. Qualifiers related to quantities were also included.
unique challenge in biomedical language probing mentioned in this work is that there is a surgence of biomedical pre-trained language models such as PubMed BERT, BioBERT, CyBERT that can easily query knowledge, but can we do the same for language models?
size heuristic predicts 49 of the 53 significant cells in the chart.
objectives of the presented work are to detect signs of depression from social media postings in English at an early stage and patients can be brought to treatment before the most severe effects show up.
task of image-text retrieval aims to recall the most relevant image given an input text or conversely, recall relevant texts given the image.
task variance regularization is necessary in multitask text classification because it can lead to overfitting in some tasks and underfitting in others, decreasing the generalization performance of a multitask learning model.
two probability spaces for the extractive retrieval reader in UniteQA are the passage-level and the multi-passage-level. The only difference between those two spaces is that the calculation of the normalization factor is carried out independently using a pre-trained language model, such as BERT or Electron, into token scores.
purpose of the context prediction task in the model is to bridge IDs and words and give former linguistic meanings.
presented work focuses on the task of semantic row labeling, which aims to extract predicate argument frame structures for input sentences.
NER model is evaluated with various contexts under various conditions, including offline prediction, online serving, and latency.
investigating how topic models perform on non-tailed corpora inspires the authors to propose a structural causal model and intervene the topic distribution for difficult findings through the DO operator.
additional layer-wise distillation objective further improves the performance of compressed models, which is beneficial to structured pruning as well.
structure components reflect the semantics 形旁 or pronunciation 身旁 of Chinese characters, which can provide useful information for NER in the proposed method.
multi-gen model is a model that improves sentence generation by finding a connecting sentence that mentions a third bridging topic. This allows for smooth and smooth transitions between topics without needing to make a connection between them.
research presented in this transcript is significant because it proposes a method for evaluating coherence models on permuted document tasks and shows that learning with more negatives maximizes mutual information between representations.
two families of prior work in relevance metrics are cosine-based and conditional probability-based metrics. The first family calculates relevance through a two-step process. First, they convert the context and response into vectors, and then they measure the relevance as the cosine similarity of these vectors.
visual information plays an important role in Maria's dialogue generation process, as it helps to understand the context, background knowledge they had, and, perhaps most importantly, the experience of the world they shared.
significance of multi-task learning is that the large version of FastHand outperforms the current best model in CWS and POS, and approaches the SOTA performance in NER and dependency parsing with less parameters.
paper provides a simple set of conditions to use with QRA, but ideally a standard set to be used in a given field or subfield would evolve over time. This scores are moreover comparable across different studies. QRA also provides pointers about how to improve reproducibility and facilitates insights into sources of variation between reproductions.
goal of the distillation loss function is to minimize during optimization, composed of the Kuba-Gleibler divergence between the soft labels, logits, and mean squared error.
AMI is a shared task organized by Elisabetta Ficini with the aim of identifying misogyny in Italian, English, and Spanish tweets.
systematicity testing measures whether a model can systematically recombine words and phrases by creating a train and test set that have some kind of systematic difference.
ranking parser selects the parent node for each child node by incrementally extracting the child node from the model dependency tree.
motivation behind creating Exosome is to provide a large-scale multilingual abstractive summarization dataset that covers 44 languages, mostly low-resource ones, due to the fact that most popular summarization datasets like CNN, Daily Mail, Exome, or Newsroom are in English.
study defines few-shot for NER as having at least K annotations for each entity type, but it is non-trivial to subsample for it because one sentence has multiple entities co-occur.
ALEN is a general wood-level auto-completion task proposed in this work. It is important for CAT because it is useful for human translators but remains under-explored, and it is easier to evaluate by sentence-level.
pre-training performance of Realformer significantly outperforms both the standard BERT transformer, referred to as post-LN, and GPT-2 transformer, which are referred to respectively.
three levels of ethical adherence in research involving indigenous data and languages are Accountability, Beneficence, and Accountability.
Transformer-based architecture was used for empathy prediction in this research.
purpose of the ontology described in the archive paper is to provide a global overview of what is out there so that we are not looking at very many different pixels of data but can aggregate the data in a better way.
baseline model struggles when there are many label reasons in the data, such as not exploring spacing methods enough for these tasks or pre-trained language models already knowing the information and the explanations and don't even need them. Poor language models may not be able to get any more useful information out of the explanations than they already get from the demonstrations.
correspondence among reference plans is evaluated in the evaluation of the again model by comparing it with the original plans.
proposed adaptive feature selection method stacks a gating layer on top of the encoder, learns a scalar gate for each encoder output vector, and enforces this gate to be zero via LCL regularization. About 84% of speech features are printed out, largely overcomes the computational bottleneck.
situation for countries like India is more complicated due to the immense language diversity and the MIMs in Indian context can be composed of English, local language, or native or foreign script or in combination of both languages and script.
authors proposed a space-efficient context encoding that preserves knowledge that is implicitly encoded in its structure and reduces the required space without having a performance drop in key indicators such as knowledge correctness, consistency, and interestingness.
proposed solution improves the original birth model by utilizing cross-modal contrast learning without using any training labels, which improves it to a better level reflecting the downstream task.
Empty Data helps in downloading datasets for machine translation by having a huge catalog of parallel datasets and solving mundane tasks such as locating URLs, downloading them, etc.
extractive reader is trained in a weakly supervised setting by jointly encoding a pair of questions and a passage. A multi-objective formulation is adopted, applying both passage-level and multi-passage-level losses to utilize the weak supervision, and posterior differential regularization is used to further boost model robustness.
two processes involved in measuring fine-grained domain reference of terms are the offline construction process and the online query process.
DeepPyramidion model outperforms other baselines in the Long Document Summarization task by a large margin, as shown in the table.
proposed approach converts few-shot event detection to a few-shoot sequence labeling problem by modeling trigger event discrepancy in the label level. It uses a prototypical amortized conditional random field to approximate transition scores based on labeled prototypes and estimates from scanned samples to model the statistical uncertainty.
experimenters experimented with various architectures for processing character inputs, both on the encoder side and on the decoder side. One, they experimented with two-step decoding, operating on latent word-like units and then generating character sequences. The best choice with respect to quality was processing the characters using quant deconvolution followed by downsampling, and using the vanilla transformer decoder on the target side.
paper proposes a way to estimate the loss of augmented data without actually using the augmented data points. It treats the distributions of r and theta independently and tries two different distributions for each of them.
purpose of the Black branch in the proposed model is to use syntax features, which are supposedly language agnostic, to guide the model to focus on POS text.
typological preference for part of speech tagging is shown when training on languages with similar typology but a different script, Hebrew and Maltese.
five different methods used for layer-wise comparison of embedding spaces are average similarity, self-similarity, and intrasentence similarity.
proposed method for accessing probability distributions at intermediate layers in BERT involves training a Gaussian model, one Gaussian per each layer, on the BERT embeddings from in-domain text. The surprisal is defined as the log likelihood according to this Gaussian distribution.
proposed hypothesis explains the high variance in Zero-Shot Cross-Lingual Transfer by the catastrophic forgetting of the pre-training task and the small data size of the downstream task.
purpose of the empirical study conducted in this work is to assess the effectiveness of word sense disambiguation models in naturalistic conversational text.
authors evaluate the performance of the language model in two ways: judging a generation successful if it overlaps in content with at least one of the two human annotators' consequence prediction, and evaluating predictions made by the model independent from human annotations.
ChronoKGE offers three functionalities: parameter efficient time encoding, cycle-aware time encoding scheme, and multi-cycle time encoding.
combination of methods yields state-of-the-art results across all three datasets experimented.
purpose of incorporating information from knowledge graphs in this work is to inform the decoder about the physical meanings of trial nodes related to length and width.
work presented by Casey Meehan focuses on sentence-level privacy for document embedding. Specifically, if a single sentence in a document is modified, no information unique to a particular sentence will be exposed.
ereotypes differ from other harmful texts such as hate speech, misogyny, abuse, threat, insult, etc. in two important ways: expressing a positive sentiment towards the target unlike these other types of harmful text and requiring knowledge of their existence in society to identify them.
authors have developed an aggressive text corpus called MBET containing 15,650 aggressive and non-aggressive Bengali text, classified the aggressive text into five overlapping fine-grained classes, and proposed a benchmark system with experimental validation on their dataset.
authors tested the performance of parsers on Irish language tweets using a bootstrap cycle of syntactic annotation and manually corrected the trees every time they added gold trees to the training data. They estimated about 95% accurate and released the test set of 866 tweets in UD version 2.8.
motivation for reasoning presented in this research work is to have interpretable multi-step reasoning as output.
conventionality measures the degree to which words are interpreted in a canonical or conventional way, while contingency measures about particular word forms. These two measures should be independent and phrases will fall on a spectrum on both measures.
XMI is a method proposed for measuring and increasing context usage in context-aware machine translation. It considers an additional variable for the context, C, and measures how much information the context provides about the target language given the source sentence. It captures context usage by measuring the difference in uncertainty or information gain when introducing context.
model performs better when generating each facet separately than generating all four facets together because the target sequence is pretty long if we concatenate them all, and the quality of the output degenerates quickly as the target becomes longer.
aim of the study is to improve the reliability of performance prediction models by utilizing cross-task transfer to build more accurate predictors by combating the data scarcity problem. The multitask approach leads to better estimation of the performance on low-resource languages, where existing single-task approaches often perform worse than averaging baselines.
functional unit is defined as the minimal span of text with a coherent communicative intention. It is borrowed from dialogue theory.
proposed model utilizes both left and right side argument roles information through a neural architecture with a novel bidirectional entity-level recurrent decoder to generate event argument roles entity by entity.
proposed method for controllable text addition is inspired by the If-or-Call model, where answer-related words are changed and the gold answer is generated.
proposed sentiment analysis model in this work is called A2Vec, which uses word embeddings and features extracted from the text to address the task of sentiment analysis.
proposed approach is the Intermittent Short Extension Ensemble (IC), which builds a diversified user model ensemble, aka DUE, with imitation learning. The user models are trained by imitating the trajectories collected from an expert simulator. The diversification is achieved by randomizing the reinitialization parameters of neural networks.
implicit aspects and opinions are common in review text, and there is still a lack of a unified framework not fully discussed. The new Laptop dataset introduces a new task called Aspect-category-opinion-sentiment quadruple extraction, which aims to address implicit aspect and opinion problems.
break-even point for BERT score is around 0.5, where 0.7 is the error probability of the metric.
multilingual approaches can significantly improve the results on a smaller data set from a different language in the legal domain.
paper focuses on exploring how contextualized word embeddings represent word meanings in context, homonymy.
proposed method QZK aims to generate synthetic queries similar to human-labeled ones by transmitting external knowledge not in the given document to a generator model.
task being performed from a machine learning NLP perspective is information extraction, which involves extracting specific bits of info from long notes.
linguistic categories had a steeper learning curve than others, with MWE performing worse than the RNN small for most categories.
most frequent type of toxic span found in the toxic span dataset is multi-word toxic spans, with dense spans often made of a single word.
factors that affect cross-language transfer in NLP tasks include morphological typology, intraflexive languages, and language-to-group transfer loss.
goal of the work is to build a model which can come up with, given the context, which are these people.
proposed approach outperforms previous work on RSDT cops and CDDB cops, as shown in the table.
antecedent prediction in the proposed model involves calculating the score between each node's previous mention and its subsequent reference, which is used to guide the final prediction.
F-score for underprediction in question-disambiguation is computed using additive F1, which is also used in round-trip prediction.
goal of the method used in this study is to extract from a knowledge source all possible triples of the form Entity A, Relation I, Entity B, using a two-stage approach.
DRESS model was evaluated using reinforcement learning, and the EDIT-NTS model was trained to generate a sequence of edits as opposed to a simplified sentence.
factors such as social factors operating in the community, topic of conversation, type of interaction, interlocutors, communication channel, factors related to pragmatics, as well as gender and identity of the speakers.
paper proposes a two-stage framework where different candidate summaries are sampled using a well-trained objective model, and an evaluation model is trained to assess the quality of the generated candidate summary based on the sourced documents. This framework is formulated as a reference-free evaluation problem.
key takeaway of the presentation is that if a prompt is not working, it may not be your fault. Try different orderings before giving up, and you may end up with a state-of-the-art performance without the need to take any further actions.
authors found that most of the examples being acquired by active learning algorithms are not labeled well, and the majority of them do not seem to be labeled well.
system handles new and unseen topics by extracting knowledge elements, performing joint entity extraction, and retrieving newly encoded event types without noisy event types.
speaker warns against cultural data mining and specifically warns against being an NLP colonist.
sources of ambiguity in the labeling process for plausibility changes include the fact that the adjective in the sentence has a different effect on plausibility depending on the context, and that the context of the other words around the sentence may have a varied effect on the plausibility.
focus of this work is to propose an approach to build G2P models for all those languages in the world, using three steps: training monolingual models, identifying the nearest language for any testing language or target language, and ensembling those nearest language models to approximate the target language.
parametric models have serious flaws such as becoming outdated very quickly, providing very little explainability, and doing poorly on unseen phenomena.
main problem addressed in this paper is the limited training sets for low-resource languages, which limits their application to other languages.
models compared with the proposed BERTZ with label masking model include SR-Transformer, Amazon SOTA, and SR-ECOTA.
process of Unimog pretraining involves training a backbore or unified model transformer on large volumes of image collection, text covers, and image-text pairs, then unifying them into a same semantic space via denoising-autoencoder and cross-modal constructor learning.
paper breaks down the reasoning process into two steps: selecting a possible proof that can be used to generate new inferences and then using this proof to generate the actual inferences based using the deductive reasoning bot. This ensures that the proof is the only input to the model and makes this whole process more faithful.
purpose of sparse attention in the proposed method is to build attention on pre-selected positions to get more global information.
paper focuses on formalizing the task of stylized style generation and defining story styles based on the pattern of wording.
unique model is used in the extraction process to capture rare attributes and quantitative information that are the reasons for unique sentences.
knowledge about the similarity between characters is crucial to the task of Chinese spelling correction, and previous work either ignored or modelled it with limitations. In this work, we propose a new model called PLoM, which incorporates phoenix and jokes to model similarity between arbitrary characters.
motivation behind the proposed model of Transformer-exclusive cross-model representation for vision and language is to address the lack of state-of-the-art performances in natural language processing and speech recognition tasks, which have been dominated by CNN-LSTM approach.
experiment results on the e-commerce query domain show that the weakly labeled data outperforms the manually labeled data.
purpose of the unit level weight regularizer proposed in this work is to measure the average cosine similarity across corresponding units between the pre-trained state and while we're fine-tuning and also pruning.
two different models were built for classification, one using Mimic3 as the base dataset and the other using three sub datasets from N2C2 task.
discrepancy between the training objectives for sequence-to-sequence language model pre-training and the training of neural machine translation systems raises a research question about how the discrepancy affects neural MT models.
ntech state tracking is a key module in a text-oriented dialect system for tracking dialect information over the continuation of the dialect. It is important in this context because the dialect state consists of a series of slot-value pairs.
three types of problems with the NRC are missing parts of a speech, ambiguity for labeling, and incorrect or nonsensical entries.
study identifies specific factors that explain why some concepts are harder than others and some factors that do not impact on model performance.
limitations of the multi-word performance in triplet extraction include not considering the whole span, which can lead to sentiment conflicts when the opinion span contains terms which may be associated with opposite sentiment polarities, and avoiding the limitation of prior methods with multiple pipelines which face error propagation across different stages.
team trained two transformer-based models, code mixed Tamil English and code-mixed Tamil English, for both sub-tasks.
researchers evaluated gender translation at both word and chain level by complementing automatic and manual approaches. They computed gender accuracy to measure the proportion of mass-free words generated by the system with the correct gender.
method used to delete tokens in C4 was MinHash, which was used to approximately match examples of each other and find examples of high n-gram overlap, cluster together examples, and delete all but one example from each cluster.
purpose of using program synthesis in this work is to find a program in a domain-specific language that satisfies a set of input-output examples.
changing only one word in a text changes the controversy measure, leading to a decrease in the distribution of user votes.
authors were thanked for their contributions to the project.
purpose of the research is to propose a multi-task learning framework for enhancing relation extraction in dialogue-based text.
help performs well in multi-hop scenarios, and its success is dependent on its ability to generate questions with high lexical overlap, which contributes to its success.
challenges faced by semantic parsers include not high enough accuracy for real use, difficulty in understanding the parsing process and allowing users to validate the results, and limited accessibility to knowledge bases.
three groups of biases identified in the meeting transcript are misogyny, gender and sexual orientation, race, nationality and religion, and disability and ableist stereotypes.
purpose of organizing a shared task related to modeling emphasis in this new domain was to better examine the challenges of the dataset and benchmark the tasks.
question is whether models based on encoder-decoder architecture like BARD and T5 can be used as extractive raters.
work aims to model word and label dependencies for table-filling-based entity and relation extraction by treating the table as an image and cells as pixels, then applying CNNs to encode nearby information. The performance of the proposed method is comparable to current SOTAB, even freezing BERT parameters during fine-tuning.
main sources of errors in the Monty parser were word embeddings and lexicon-based lexicons, as well as unary and binary relations.
performance of container is comparable to other current state-of-the-art methods in few-shot named-entry recognition, such as Fritzler et al. later in these fields.
mammal-only baseline outperforms the monolingual baselines when pre-trained on eight languages.
regression is a problem where underlying tasks or datasets stay unchanged, while domain drifting or meta-learning only focuses on the model update. In computer vision, distillation and ensemble are proven to be helpful in reducing regression.
potential consequences of deploying abusive language classification models include mislabeling African American English text as offensive, influencing annotation decisions, and assigning different offensive language labels to tweets than crowd workers.
contrastive loss is used in the training algorithm for the Braille model, which is a ranking-based loss based on a set of candidate summaries.
ourse phenomena that cannot be expressed by trees include discourse connectives, where the extent and location of arguments are not restricted.
purpose of creating a Nehiyawéwin corpus is to address the question of how language technologies can be created for speakers when there is limited language data.
SOS bias score differs for words that describe marginalized groups compared to those that describe non-marginalized groups.
team focused on using pre-trained transformer based models because they were native Tamil speakers and wanted to solve NLP tasks in their native language.
authors collected binary annotations of complexity on a number of Wikipedia-based sources to produce algorithms and compete on in the Semavel setting.
authors aim to automatically generate a large synthetic set of reasoning examples D-SIN that would be much larger than D. They generate this SIN using publicly available tables from the English Wikipedia by instantiating task-specific templates with table values, train T5, a popular encoded decoder, on their generated examples to obtain PRISM, their pre-trained for reasoning model. Finally, they fine-tune PRISM on free datasets that require reasoning over unstructured text.
authors' paper aims to develop a unified simulation model with two contrastive training objects for all languages, called comps, to distinguish the most important things among documents and generate summary in the corresponding language.
potential of learning from user feedback for domain adaptation is to mitigate the distributional shift between training data collected by crowdsourcing and the data encountered by the model in deployment, allowing the system to evolve over time as the world changes.
CARB benchmark was used for evaluating the results, but it was found to have flaws due to its use of BIO tagging scheme and different kinds of heads.
three types of anomalies discussed in the text are syntactic, semantic, and infrequent.
VisDial dataset is used to investigate whether dialogue state representations of models trained on it encode shared knowledge. The crowdsourced dialogues on this dataset occur between two humans, an answerer who sees an image and a questioner who only sees a caption of the image, and they exchange 10 turns in which the questioner asks questions to learn more about the image.
purpose of the study is to investigate how encodings of a property are used by a neural language model and how information flows in the model when it is making a prediction requiring knowledge about the probe property.
IC is a crowdsourced dataset of narratives paired with English proverbs. It contains 2500 proverb-narrative pairs and fine-grid annotation that shows aligned spans between proverbs and narratives.
internet and social media applications are used to spread harmful content and abuse or bully other people, with the most common being hate speech.
different methods were used to determine concreteness and abstractness of words, including pre-trained fast text embeddings, judgments collected by Breispart and others that are used a lot, and a linear regression on the values.
purpose of the study is to tackle long document summarization in a low-resource setting using pre-trained language models done in collaboration with Goldman Sachs.
study shows that monolingual BERT models are consistently better than multilingual ones in all five tasks, and the performance gap is often smaller than one would assume and varies noticeably across languages.
paper focuses on the task of document-level event extraction, which aims to extract one or more events from a document.
DM models significantly outperformed the base-line models on the conditional text generation task in both automatic and human evaluation.
dataset was first created for the hateful memes challenge in 2020, when its meme was annotated as hateful or not.
paper aims to solve two challenges of AS2, one being that AS2 systems only care about the top one candidate sentence and the other being that retrieved answers might not be natural and concise for end users.
methodology used in the study includes defining a set of neutral predicates, using identity terms representing the LGBTQIA plus community, using terms describing gender identity, sexual and romantic orientation, and neopronouns as subjects to each neutral predicate, and asking the language model to fill them, obtaining the top K most likely sentence completions.
KCRS leverages the information in the knowledge graph to generate item-related concepts into responses by matching each word in the conversational history with the name of each entity in the KG, finding key entities from the history conversation and sequence them according to their original positions, and applying a graph convolutional network RGCM to encode the entire knowledge graph and get embeddings for each knowledge graph entity node.
current consistency evaluation methods for chatbots are mainly based on human-bot conversations and annotation, which are costly, inefficient, and low quality. Additionally, human annotation requires annotators to decide if the dialogue is consistent, in which there is no explicit instruction leading to low interagreement.
topic coherence only focuses on the top topical words from classic topic models such as Latin tertiary allocation, while thematic coherence considers the full text from its source documents.
supporting task is larger than the primary task in multitask learning, and vice versa.
number of tokens for part of speech tag in the gold standard, and the predictions of the two models, with and without noise, show that the model trained without noise has learned a tendency towards labeling unknown words as open class and undergenerates closed class tags.
three text generation tasks were experimented on: data text test on the HEE dataset, document summarization using the CNN Daily Mail dataset, and question generation using the SQuAD data.
challenges in building a dialogue system that incorporates visual perception include existing works on image-ground decomposition, constrained by the assumption that a crowdsourced dialogue is conducted centered around the given image, existing methods on the IGC artinized a naive, CNN-based model to extract latent image features, and lack of a fine-grained understanding for the image data.
pre-training and fine-tuning can significantly improve the performance of UDGN, as shown by the results of experiments on a Pantry-Bank dataset with a masculine modeling task loss.
goal of creating spymaster agents for Codenames is to model human perception of word relatedness and common knowledge of the word.
approach used to enhance universal dependencies in this work consists of three main steps: classifying dependency relations between pairs of tokens, ensemble predictions of multiple models, and lexicalizing dependency labels using a hybrid rule-based and machine learning approach.
ART processes messages from users by ordering them by created time and chunking them into multiple blocks. This allows for modeling the probability of a message given all the previous messages from that user.
purpose of the study is to evaluate the impact of summarization on different tasks such as information retrieval, relevance assessment, and reading comprehension.
purpose of the study is to propose a data-free knowledge distillation approach for energy evaluation metrics called Frugal Score, which has several orders of magnitude less parameters and runs several times faster while retaining most of the original performance.
BERT model is pre-trained on a high-resource language, then continued pre-training of the language model, and then fine-tuned on the closely related language.
stereotype content model describes stereotypes as perceived warmth and competence, which are high on one axis and low on the other. It predicts consequences in the real world by predicting emotions elicited by stereotypes.
authors wish to focus on stronger structured constraints on the decoding objective other than just the reconstruction log. Also, better variational models of text, which can mitigate the posterior collapse issue in text BAEs, will directly benefit models of disentangled representation learning.
study used magnet options for adversarial attack for each question and randomly replaced a wrong option with the magnet option. The passages and questions were not modified, and the answer did not change.
conditional hidden Markov model uses fixed transition and diminution probabilities at all steps, limiting its ability to fully leverage the information of the input tokens.
VANS dataset is a product search dataset published earlier this year with human-annotated query product relevant scores.
tfixup outperforms standard training on the spider dataset by a large margin, indicating that dtfixup can improve the generalization performance of the transformer model.
proposed generation model for long-text generation is called HINT, which extends the decoder to represent prefix information at sentence-level and discourse-level in order to encourage the model to capture high-level features.
two types of black box attacks implemented in the proposed framework are auto setting and automated attack.
task of cross-language entity linking involves linking a mention in a non-English language to a knowledge base that is in a different language.
advantage of using diachronic embeddings in the proposed method is that they allow for snapshots of the current state of the global embedding matrix at any time, allowing for easy exploration of semantic shifts.
models with different pre-trained transformers perform better in the thin and unsame buckets.
authors evaluated the performance of their features by taking the training set from SEMEval 2021 TASCA7, which contains 8000 manually labeled examples. They only considered positive examples with exactly two sentences, which they treated as the setup and the punchline, and negative examples with consecutive two sentences as both setup and punchline. After further cleaning and balancing, they finally got 3000 labeled examples that are evenly distributed.
paper pre-processed input text, extracted features, used various models, classifiers, and models to get the outputs.
BERT random dev set has more "when" and "who" type questions than the BERT full dev set, which is significant because it allows for the creation of more challenging questions for the model.
diversity in representation in datasets can be improved by considering how the data is collected and annotated, as well as the types of racial inequity researchers have identified in each stage of a common NLP pipeline.
obstacle to leveraging interlinear gloss data for NLP engineering is that the data is typically collected for linguistic research such as determining the structure of transitivity in the language. The implication is that we have to perform some non-trivial pre-processing of the data to leverage it.
user only needs to choose or inherit a type of compatible head and implement or inherit two methods, getInputsIterator and computeLoss.
proposed hybrid model, UniteQA, is highly effective for open domain question answering, outperforming both recent state-of-the-art methods and homogeneous un-double models. It differs from previous work by adopting a multi-objective formulation and applying both passage-level and multi-passage-level losses to utilize weak supervision.
effort estimation module estimates the human effort, while annotation time cost is used as human effort. The model is random forest regression.
target of the episodic training in the IPCA model is to learn a relevance function between the image and pair labels within each episode. Within each episode, the true pair label has a higher relevance score compared with the false pair labels.
proposed intrinsic evaluation method in this paper is called EvalRank, which uses cosine distance as a measure to measure similarity and relatedness in word and sentence pairs.
issue with communication breakdown in NLP is the choice of problematic words by AI agents when encoding their speech, leading to misidentification of phonemes by the listener, ultimately causing confusion for the listener. A framework was developed to mitigate this issue.
experimental setup to measure context usage by concatenation-based MT models involves training both a sentence-level translation model and a pre-trained model on a larger document-level corpora.
rapid development of AMD models in recent years has met the performance degradation when translating out-of-the-way sentences, real-world, etc. Retrieval-based methods provide a non-parametric way by integrating the retrieval results on a specific data store into the prediction.
ABSA task is the task of identifying aspect-sentiment pairs from product reviews. It has challenges such as domain dependency and the need for deep learning approaches to address this problem.
ADAPTAR Hub Playground is an interdisciplinary research project between the Technical University of Darmstadt and Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz. It is comparable to the Hugging Face library being a community-driven repository to exchange and share pre-trained ADAPtARs for a large number of different tasks and languages.
proposed model achieves state-of-the-art results on the Spyder leaderboard by using a relational graph retention network with edge features incorporated when computing the retention weights and context vector.
two contrastive training objectives of the proposed unified simulation model are margin-based loss and aligning different representations across languages.
feedback received from experts regarding the translation models included excessively copying words from source sentences, making major mistakes in translation, and using archaic English terms.
BERT-based model was used for sentiment prediction in this annotation process.
EVER-1K is a new data set for image captioning metrics that focuses only on human annotators. It differs from other data sets by considering the fluency and fluency dimensions of the generated captions and assigning different dimensions to each model.
purpose of constructing Duatorobust is to evaluate the robustness and generalization of MRC models in real-world applications, including oversensitivity and overstability.
paper proposes to dynamically utilize sufficient context from KG to improve relation extraction using physical dynamic knowledge graphs.
motivation behind Unimoo is to improve the capability of visual and language understanding and generation, as well as enable textual knowledge and visual knowledge to enhance each other.
multitask text classification adopts multitask learning in text classification, which learns multiple text classification tasks together and aims to handle including tasks via a single model.
Benchy measures precision with a precision score of 1.0 and recall with a recall score of 0.5, which is still too high considering that the triple is false.
INT outperforms baseline models in terms of coherence and fluency, as shown in the figure presented in the paper.
proposed method improves upon previous methods for translating entities by replacing entities with placeholders and translating the source sentence to the target language.
authors used frequency based features and text-based features, including TFIDF of character bigrams, trigrams, and word unigrams, as well as text-only features like count of words, characters, adjectives, adverbs, nouns, and pronouns.
of the most widely recognized ways to prevent suicide are through early intervention and social support. However, despite years of clinical research, researchers have concluded that suicide cannot be predicted using the standard clinical practice of asking patients about their suicidal thoughts, which significantly reduces the effectiveness of early intervention.
Kozareva et al suggested a Bialsty-AMCRF model that deals with the open world assumption but relies heavily on handcrafted features, while Zahang et al proposed OpenTAG which is an end-to-end model to extract attribute value information but does not use character level embeddings or character level representations which help improve generalizability.
three key components of the R3 system are intent prediction, accept or reject suggestion, and iterative revision.
main contribution of the proposed method for video paragraph captioning is its ability to reduce error accumulation and make use of multimodal information.
colorful prompt tuning is a method that transparently shades proposals in different colors and includes prompt tokens in order to be visually amenable to Clip models. It is adapted for Clip models by using a single mask, which consists of a single token plus saliency tokens.
proposed neural architecture works with transformer-based high-dimensional input by introducing an input transform layer and mapping the low-dimensional word embeddings to lower-dimensional embedding, say from 768 dimensions to 200 dimensions using linear activation.
graph representation is shown to be effective to model text hierarchy for both long and short answer extraction, but the graph neural networks are normally inefficient on GPUs, resulting in extensive inference time. Therefore, it is natural to have a question about creating a faster model with regard to inference time and lightweight model without losing performance.
composite NRG is computed as a measure of faithfulness, plausibility, and task performance objectives. It indicates that the rationale extractor outputs most amount of leaves as the explanation, which is supposed to indicate the most influential tokens with respect to the label forest.
task of Cognate Prediction is to produce likely cognates to help linguists identify related words in single languages that evolved from the same ancestor word. Identifying cognates is important for the field of historical linguistics, to study language change, language relationships and reconstruct words.
F1 score for the toxic span task is defined as a function of precision and recall defined by the intersection of the ground truth toxic character offsets and the predicted toxic character offset.
proposed approach generates responses autoregressively under the guidance of predicted semantic influence.
previous studies have just directly connected word embeddings with cognitive features, ignoring the huge differences between these two types of representations. The second issue is that not all information in cognitive processing signals is useful for NLP tasks.
aim of the closed-book QA section in this study is to evaluate whether pre-trained language models can store and use knowledge in their parameters.
study found that Hindi and Urdu were found to be most similar in the study.
framework for claim generation involves using automatically generated evidence claim pairs to train a bird-based fact verification system. The model is trained on human annotated data and achieves high performance on all three variants of the fewer data sets.
continuous attention framework uses a continuous density over tokens instead of obtaining a discrete distribution over tokens.
response theory estimates at least two parameters, namely ability and difficulty of a question, and some models will also estimate more parameters such as discrimination.
authors found that gazetteer enhanced models were more stable across datasets and input representations due to pre-training data covering most entities in these datasets.
proposed MXML model is compared to two sets of methods: CALN and language neighborhood constraint. CALN aims to retrieve relevant videos from videos, while MXML re-ranking methods aim to retrieve retrieved moments.
proposed solution for addressing label bias in benchmark datasets is to introduce a new concept of metadata, which is social impact metadata. This is defined as the data related to the possible social impacts that datasets may bring.
goal of the proposed task is to automatically generate descriptions for entities given the collection of documents that mention the entity.
meta-evaluation framework is used to assess factuality metrics based on a number of conditions, including boundedness, sensitivity, and sensitivity.
authors divided the labeled comments into three categories: human-written, machine-generated, and open-ended.
study used both monolingual and bilingual data in the study.
CC-Metrix substantially scales its approach to billions of sentences in 90 languages, extracting 10.8 billion parallel sentences in 1280 language pairs compared to other existing corpora.
sentence is passed through a tokenizer based on either a byteware encoding model or word piece model. For each word, the tokenizer is either based on the amount of parts of the sentence as the number of words. For example, if a sentence consists of 10 words, it may happen that we have 15 tokens after passing through this tokenizer.
purpose of the hyperparameter study was to evaluate the performance of the proposed method on the hierarchical text classification task.
paper proposes a training strategy that needs only a small volume of protected labels in adversarial training, incorporating an estimation method to transfer private labeled instances from one dataset to another.
neural topic models have three main advantages over classical approaches: their inference is amortized and hence is much computationally simpler than that of the classical approach, the gap between prototype and deployment processes become closer thanks to the power of some deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, and easy integration with prior knowledge such as pre-trained word and text embeddings, which are prevalent and have shown the tremendous usefulness.
significance of token overlap in a setting where languages are sufficiently related and LRL is resource poor even in the amount of unlabeled data is that it matters because many languages are a part of the same language family and lexically overlapping words with similar meanings even when the languages are of different scripts.
proposed approach for investigating the usefulness of feedback data can be generalized to other stronger QA models, even though that model is not deployed to collect the feedback data.
performance increases as the number of self-supervised outliers increases.
pre-processing is essential for any machine learning problem since real world data generally contains noise and missing values and may be in an unusable format that cannot be directly used for machine learning models.
accuracy and macro-average precision recall and F1 scores achieved while training each model for this task were listed in the text.
proposed method is t-fixup, which allows significantly deeper transformer models to be trained without the learning rate warmup and the layer norm on tasks like machine translation.
WETGN model can be split into two parts: a pre-trained encoder and a graph neural network that takes structured information into consideration.
differential privacy guarantees that whatever we will reveal after observing the output is bounded by some epsilon value, which is called the privacy budget.
key idea behind personalized natural language processing is to respect the feelings of the individual and analyze inconsistencies between annotators to better understand how a given user stands out from others.
transferability of technical clauses in terms and conditions to other domains is not straightforward, but it is possible.
judging task works by assigning bonuses to writers when a judge picks their argument in a time-limited setting. If a judge in that setting picks the argument that a writer wrote, that writer gets a bonus. Then they test which explanation wins in a limited setting.
paper introduces xinfo tabs, a multilingual data set for semi structured tabular inference in 10 diverse languages from across various regions in the world, which leverages state of art machine translation models, provides which can do high quality translation, adapt a simple but effective pipeline for translating tables, and conducts highly high automatic and thorough human evaluation to check the quality of the multilingual models.
data was collected using Twitter's public APIs. An advanced search was conducted on Twitter for tweets containing keywords from trending tweets, including hashtags regarding the Charlottesville event, and additional keywords were identified. Additional data polls were conducted to include tweets with these additional keywords.
corpus-level knowledge base constructed with in COVID-19 Claim Rater is constructed with Wikidata as the hub.
authors found that temporal information is not captured efficiently by Hercules and that high performances of both ATTH and Hercules come from another mechanism.
proposed model is currently the best, and its performance remains excellent even when learned with a large quantity of false negative samples.
most useful features for parsing spoken dialogue are prosody, which helps disambiguate sentence boundaries and disfluencies.
ukaise does not have a web-based platform with leaderboards for each task, but details are provided on the platform.
purpose of Echogen is to introduce and study the task of echo conclusion generation to reduce clinical burnout.
results of pre-training the model on the KANEL dataset show that it is able to solve about 50% of the question answer page in the Coref dataset.
proposed method represents pairwise correlation between linguistic features as triplets with features as nodes and their correlations as edges. Positive correlations imply that two features behave similarly in influencing readability and should be represented with similar embeddings.
stride end is a new end-to-end simultaneous speech translation model that is used in this work to enable conventional bin search during simultaneous decoding. It is used to achieve better blue score in similar latency requirements compared to previous state-of-the-art models.
prior works related to this project include community-specific language usage around bans on Reddit, anchoring specific posts and tweets, looking at language distributions and how those change over time, and looking at cross-platform activity through the lens of these one-gram time series.
purpose of using Dalvi et al.'s linguistic correlation analysis is to extract the most salient neurons with respect to any property using the probing classifier framework.
proposed method differs from baseline systems by employing conventional decoder and serial decoder during training, with the training loss including cross-attention of both serial and decoders and the loss of knowledge distillation, which is the KL distance between the predict probabilities of both the serial and conventional decodes.
four main questions asked about HART in the study are How well does HART perform on language modeling tasks? Does it help downstream tasks? Can it perform when there is no historical context data available? What happens when we perform ablations on HART?
Iterator V2 dataset is used to train the R3 model, which achieves better performance than the prior work.
purpose of text-graph retraction is to extract the information graph of mentions and types from natural language.
lemmatization is performed in the pre-treatment stage of the proposed model to ensure that the model has enough training samples.
proposed task is to detect unassimilated lexical borrowings in Spanish newswire, which means that we are interested in extracting words borrowed from other languages that are being used in Spanish newspapers but that have not been integrated or assimilated into the recipient language.
main problem addressed in this work is that both ZL and ZO may end up learning the same set of features and overlapping regions of distribution ZO given YU.
ventional funtuning-based data augmentation ignores the inherent correlation between the original input and its augmented example, resulting in inconsistent predictions.
Monty system aims to tag relations with modality in event extraction, which is crucial for understanding events and downstream applications that need event understanding. It includes both a lexicon and a parser based on CCG and performs a corpus study on a large collection of news articles, also looking at the politics domain.
ability to sequence an ordered task procedure is important for machines because it allows them to comprehend multiple instructional sources for a particular task or planning to accomplish such a task.
paper presented by the E-DeLib team focuses on redefining the meaning of discourse exchange in a cooperative endeavor, where each contribution of an individual should be considered a move towards a shared goal rather than a competition for the most persuasive contribution.
meaning of words can be manipulated using embeddings by taking the most concrete words, subtracting them from the average of all nouns, and changing the direction of the abstract vector.
accommodation refers to using social features to predict code switches, such as age, country of origin, and language preference. It is important to note that code switching has different implications in different regions and cultures.
representations of most VAEs with IGP lead to a significant improvement of classification accuracy compared to vanilla VAEs.
novel words and phrases suggestion model is introduced in this paper conditioned on both left and right contexts based on XLMR.
authors created the dataset to train and test their models by adapting existing data to create two new corpora for joint speech transcription and translation.
evaluators made several comments about AI-generated text, including that it looked like something that humans could read in a book, and that it struggled with other aspects of text like common sense.
BUCC task was designed to introduce novel sentences into the BUCC dataset, and the authors' results were mainly comparable with state-of-the-art.
goal of the presented work is to enable rapid data collection for the recent line of paraphrasing-based semantic parsers.
bias score in the study is calculated by creating examples aligned with a social bias and taking a percentage of non-aligned examples where the answer is correct.
authors propose a framework for inferring fine-grained provenance, which includes three sub-problems: ranking sentences based on how likely they may contain important external information, finding possible source articles for each selected sentence, and doing inference to determine the right source article for the identified external information.
distal BERT distribution with around 0.52 F1 score was experimented with.
RELIC dataset is composed of 78,000 excerpts of literary analysis from over 8,000 scholarly sources. The scholarly sources came from the Hoppe Trust, from whom they received permission to release short windows of text surrounding literary quotations. The public domain literary works were all found on Project Gutenberg.
scoreboard matrix represents the dialogue state at a given turn and represents how a unit of shared commitments evolves throughout the dialogue. Propositions have a stable status regarding the true and false to the answerer aspect, but they can be either shared or private. The shift occurs at the turn in which it is mentioned.
authors created a new dataset called open vocabulary extreme classification, where they shuffled labels in a way that is comparable to a single model. They found that their model performed slightly better than the other models in both datasets.
researchers use feature attribution to reveal important features for model predictions by extracting features describing the reasoning of the model, such as whether proponents are being used by the model and whether the model is adjoining decent attribution values to them. They then use a calibrator to assess the correctness of the prediction.
improvements are being made to the annotation workflow, including simplifying the annotation process, allowing for automatic annotation of words and phrases, and allowing for more inclusive fieldwork practices and better theoretical hygiene. The workflow also offers a different theoretical perspective on current standard annotation practices, which draws heavily on word and paradigm morphology.
two datasets used for evaluation were English Wikipedia and English Wikipedia. The purpose of the evaluation was to compare the performance of GrammarShap and other NLP explainers.
methods use whole clinical nodes to assign ICD codes, which are generally noisy and complex. In actual situations, only key phrases are helpful. However, current methods regard key features individually by using the convolutional feature chart.
key limitation of NQG is that it does not fully solve the challenge of compositional generalization. T5 performs poorly on the SPDR text-to-SQL dataset due to this limitation.
traditional approach can only cover languages less than 1000 for all the languages in the world because there are no rules or supervised datasets.
error rate for over- and undertranslations in English-German translations is about 1 in 20 errors. Omissions seem to be the more frequent error type.
icBird is a bird that was used in the proposed model for RBC content identification. It was used to identify abusive content in a Dravidian police language.
corporality is defined as a relationship between two actions where one action directly affects the execution of another action, that is, if a given action enables or prevents another action.
inguistic and social factors that influence code switching need to be taken into account for developing language technologies. Developing automatic code switch systems without understanding these factors are not useful for target users or language technologists. There is also a need for more visibility on code switch research in linguistics which could be helpful for researchers in language technologies and computational areas of research.
experiments were performed to improve the performance of cronKGQA, including adding a new node for the fact "Donald Trump held the position of President of USA from 2016 to 2020" and adding the start time and end time relations.
herence boosting is the technique of mixing long and short predictors at each sampling step in language generation, which increases the effect of prompts on long context on language model outputs and can thus improve generation quality.
augmented dataset was created by sampling English tweets targeting people based on their sexual orientation using data sampling from the State of the Art Multilingual Multi-Aspect Hate Speech dataset.
proposed method in HiTransformer is a hierarchical interactive transformer for both efficient and effective long document modeling. It can model documents in a hierarchical way to effectively reduce the input complexity and capture the global document context to enhance sentence modeling.
contributions of the work on Saying No is an Art, Contextualize Fallback Response for Unanswerable Dialogue Queries include introducing a contextual fallback response for unanswerable queries, introducing a dependency base and sequence to sequence approach to generate donor responses, and publicly releasing their sequence-to-sequence model on I don't know dataset.
two-phase training strategy involves pre-training a sentence-level speech translation model in the first stage, and in the second stage, the context model is initialized with a sentence level baseline and fine-tuned for an extra 20,000 steps.
main idea behind the RPG system is to augment the generation model or process with predicted salient information, which can be viewed as an emphasis on answer-related facts.
proposed method for generating pointed samples in backdoor attacks is to use syntactic structures as backdoor triggers, transforming them into fixed samples rather than inserting additional contents.
knowledge graph is reconstructed by solving an optimization problem based on the arborescence problem, which is similar to the minimum spanning tree used in previous works but for the specific case of directed graphs.
motivation behind studying Fieldshot KG to Text Generation is to address the issue of generating large-scale label datasets due to the expense in annotation.
purpose of TS-ANO is to facilitate end-to-end alignment and rating of alignment pairs for text simplification systems.
prediction distributions on NAMA and WikiUni datasets are highly similar across different relations and promotes. On all three kinds of promotes, the coloration coefficients exceed 0.8 in more than half of the relations.
features of NLP Explorer include automatic indexing, searching, and visualizing natural language processing research volumes, including real-time statistics such as tweet count, likes count, top URLs, top hashtags and papers from multiple top conferences, and interesting visualization based on tweet language, user frequency and tweet frequency.
FashionClip appears to encode geometric and physical properties without explicit supervision, as shown by the trend of decreasing attribute intensity for products retrieved as we traverse the space for various attributes.
plug-and-play model outperforms the cascaded generation formulation in terms of system performance and inference speed.
selective prediction evaluation considers the area under the risk coverage curve (AUC) as a metric for determining a good or bad selective classifier. It compares the blue and green against the green one, shows that they have the same overall accuracy, and the curve on the left shows below the blue one.
main problem with prior table-text encoding methods is their non-robust modeling and lack of structural biases.
relevance filter module comprises three main units: the relevance filter, the argument ranking module, and the redundancy filter. The input to the model is event information, argument type information, arguments, and entire context.
three types of tasks are character-based vocabulary, auxiliary mask-language model task, and six datasets used in the experiments.
task of goal-directed analogy is to create a generation system that takes advantage of the precision of forsterologic and distributional semantics.
cascaded method is still the dominant technology in speech translation due to its sensitivity to errors introduced by different component systems and high latency of the learning pipeline. It misses paralinguistic information not present in text, like emotion and tone.
main evaluation phase involved selecting systems for the final triples extraction task and testing their performance in both the semi-pipeline and final phase.
pivoting involves translating two small subtasks from German to English and English to French, while zero-shot translation involves training a model in a supervised way because there's parallel data.
model improves with self-supervised training by using alignment info from the unsupervised model as label data to perform supervised learning of the alignment task. This loss function directly maximizes the correct attention for the correct alignment.
examples of potential dimensions where racism can occur in NLP systems include considering who authored the training data, how people are represented in the dataset, and the choice of annotators.
intful is a tool for annotating text in the Conelliu-like style, allowing for syntactic dependencies, part of speech tagging, lemmas, and so on.
finite state morphological analyzer built for Girxen language has been used to great effect for languages of the Americas and under-resourced languages, so it's been used on many kinds of languages, some polysynthetic, some not.
HINO system with unified end-to-end modeling is more flexible in switching between terms grounded on structured and unstructured knowledge, making it suffer from less performance reduction in handling complicated dialogue processes.
second contribution of this work is the conceptualization of a continuous social bias verification pipeline during the development of language models.
examples of manipulations applied to AMR graphs in the DIMM metric include shuffling utterances or replacing them with completely random utterances from other conversations.
paper quantifies error accumulation due to exposure bias by exploiting behavior cloning and MLE training's equivalence and borrowing the regret-based analysis from the imitation learning literature. It defines a term called accumulation of error in terms of regret and the per-step error of the model.
proposed model for assigning ICD codes is called Fusion, which automatically compresses local features and follows them global features to enhance coding performance. It improves performance by compressing redundant feature information, distinguishing the importance of adjacent face, and considering interactions among local features.
method proposed in this study is called random network distillation, which has been applied to promote out-of-distribution learning. It involves two feed forward networks that take as input the recurrent state and generates a vectorless output. One is a teacher that is random initialized and fixed and the other is a student that is trained to copy the teacher. At different time the distillation error between the two is the auto distribution estimation.
presented work on semantic role labeling for detecting celebrities in memes utilized multitask extraction and uni-modal systems.
study found that code mixed data can lead to offensive language usage, especially in the southern part of India and Sri Lanka. It also showed that there is still room for improvement in other languages.
proposed energy score with Large T5 as the SWIFT model is comparable to other scores such as softmax score and entropy score.
proposed approach for developing a vocabulary-based neural tokenizer involves using a small dataset 1 and dataset 2 and developing BPA tokenizers with vocabulary size 300 in different settings. This approach reduces the impact of out-of-income ratio and robustness to adversarial attacks like typos and miss-spells.
embedding-based approach identifies more specific concepts, including spending money. This concept wouldn't be picked up by the lexical method because money isn't mentioned in this question.
researchers chose data points based on what was readily available or used in previous work in summarization. They followed prior work from community question answering summarization, which filtered data points if the thread contains less than 5 posts, where a post may refer to an answer, comment, or email, and filtered based on whether the average post lengths are too long.
training methodology for Rachel Wicks and Matt Post's model is not reliant on candidate sites having a particular form, and the candidate set criteria can be made more general or specific based on specific examples.
authors propose a framework to learn the distributed representation of emotion categories and text emotions in this work, which divides human emotional states into several basic emotions and reconstructs the emotion space using a reconstructed emotion vector space to fit the human emotional state.
challenges in using prompt engineering methods for pre-trained models include randomness in the GPT's output and sensitivity to prompt formulas.
proposed model consists of three major steps: pre-processing, feature extraction, and model construction.
meeting transcript discusses the Unsolving Morphological Inflection Lemma Overlap Artificially Inflates Mobile Performance, a joint work with David Beure and Amrout Sarfatic.
purpose of the position prediction component in the proposed strategy is to predict the relative position in the document for each sentence, which is optimized by minimizing the cross-entropy between prediction and true labels. It will be further utilized as the adversarial to reduce the lead bias influence.
Separator model was tested on two datasets, Parallax and Quora, which were sourced from wiki paraphrases sourced from Quora.
contribution of this work is proposing a scale for evaluating coreference resolution quality on a scale from 0 to 7, which can be converted into a reduced scale without distinguishing key and peripheral elements.
fact verification model performs quite well in the zero-sure setting compared to other baselines.
HANs dataset contains a large number of counter-examples across many heuristics, including assumption that a premise would entail all hypotheses constructed from words in the premise.
proposed method in this paper is an unsupervised pipeline with information retrieval system that identifies content-wise similar explicitly marked coherent relations from the corpus. It has 96% accuracy and can assign the majority label to the implicit instance.
baseline work used in this paper is ProofWriter, which fine-tunes a T5 model on synthetically generated rule basis and the corresponding proof. It shows that these models can generate the proofs.
rugal score has several orders of magnitude less parameters and runs several times faster while retaining most of the original performance compared to BERT score and expansive metrics like MOVL score.
two characteristics evaluated in the paper regarding source contributions in neuromachine translation are the total contribution of source and the entropy of contributions.
evaluation data was collected by hiring 25 professional English-Korean translators to perform human evaluation. One judgment per system translation was collected totaling 8,058 judgments.
motivation behind proposing the entity rebalancing algorithm is that generalization is an important ability and data machine learning models can perform well on unseen data, and unseen entities should dominate the distributions.
fine-tuning pre-trained models flows a successful strategy for formality-style transfer, thereby reducing the need for parallel data.
results of the study suggest that giving people text snippets is an improvement in terms of the quality of the explanations.
tool called TQ-AutoTest was used for fine-grained evaluations in this project, which relies on automatic evaluation based on some regular expressions and selectable wrong-write tokens.
task of event casualty identification is to identify casualty releasing of events in text.
with natural language supervision will give us control over the skills that are learned without requiring us to pre-commit to a specific set of skills or formal domain representation.
evaluation on sentence and segment reverted datasets showed that the method outperforms the baseline in terms of precision, recall, and recall on sentence-level temporal alignment. The method achieved state-of-the-art results on segment reverted dataset.
baseline method used for bilingual sentence retrieval was the Frobenius norm, but the authors enhanced it by using an unsupervised approach based on geometric and topological structures.
area over the perturbation curve at 2%, 5%, 20%, 50% rational lengths, and two metrics were used to evaluate post-hoc explanations' sufficiency and comprehensiveness.
proposed model has 30 layers, including a two-layer transformer encoder, mean pooling, and U and V sentence representations. Its number of parameters is limited to 30.
three abilities that a dialogue-set tracking model should have are global, representable, and scalable.
proposed model consists of a generator, a character-level LSTM, and an adapter which independently models the underlying word frequency distribution. These two components together allow modeling both frequent and infrequent words, since in the case of frequent words, we can rely on information from the adapter, whereas with rare words we give more weight to the generator. This interpolation weight is learned during training.
cascade decoding strategy overcomes the overlapping event extraction by extracting overlapped elements in separate phases.
purpose of training noisy language model embeddings using sentences that contain OCR errors is to improve the representation of noisy tokens.
proposed solution for training reference-free evaluators for assessing the quality of generated responses in open domain dialogues is to train them on a massive set of dialogues with weak supervision without requiring manual annotation.
nearest neighbor or non-parametric retrieval knowledge significantly improves the performance of the model in the supervised setting.
S2E approach is lightweight, simple, and does not compromise on performance and performs competitively with the standard C2F end-to-end model.
E2E VLP outperforms all three vision language architectures, single stream, two stream, and end-to-end one-step solution, and achieves comparable performance on downstream tasks.
f's law is a method for estimating parameters of distributions in a language model using maximum likelihood estimation. It relates to the rank frequency relationship between the distribution over the entire set of possible sentences generated using a model's vocabulary and the distribution of unique tokens in a given document.
topical context affects sentence processing by making it difficult to predict where the next word should be based on the current word being unexpected and cognitive load increases accordingly.
progressive attention mechanism is significant in the proposed model architecture because it can achieve relational reasoning between cross-scale video information.
role of IRT in identifying bad examples in the leaderboard visualization experiment is to improve annotation efficiency and identify bad examples.
second main constraint in low-resource semantic parsing is privacy. In practice, you wouldn't be able to use real user utterances directly without masking personal identifiable information (PII) like names, event titles, and locations.
training objective for learning language embeddings in this work is to recover the original sentence, without relying on any syntactic analysis, part of speech, or prior knowledge of topology. The MUSE embedding is used for each token, which aligns words from different languages into an unsupervised manner.
proposed learning framework for zero-short sequence labeling includes unlabeled target data and hard predictions or soft predictions from n-black boxes, such as deployed APIs or existing source models.
project aims to measure difficulty and discrimination in natural language processing tasks using item response theory.
Light Wild dataset is a collection of dialogue data from a deployed role-playing game with humans and bots. It was collected by pairing humans and models together as Light characters to have a conversation in one of Light's many locations.
rules are kept to cover evolving type of violations since it's easy to add or remove a rule.
XLRM align model is evaluated based on its performance on cross-lingual tasks and its ability to predict the corresponding words between two sentences.
proposed models for fulfilling individual components as detailed in the problem formulation include a BERT-based model, a transformer-based transformer model, and a multilingual transformer model.
proposed metadomain algorithm is called meta-UMT and it considers the following conditions: domain shared knowledge, ability to learn small data efficiently while mitigating overfitting, and initializing parameter.
experiments were conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed Rapsom strategy. The results showed that the proposed strategy can provide a semantic replacement of the original dialogue, which provides equivalent information for completing auxiliary tasks.
future research directions mentioned in the transcript include extending the study to a wider range of languages, exploring the effects of cross-sentence phenomena on syntactic and syntactic phenomena, and extending the findings to other languages.
two variations of dependency language defined in the text are nesting dependency language and log-linear language.
impact of language model fine tuning on historical data generally improves performance when disambiguating senses in text from the 19th century. Even when, for example, when your corpus would include 19th centuries but also modern data from after-19th century, it didn't hurt either.
token classifier takes a term candidate and a contextualizing sentence as input. For each sentence, candidates are generated by considering all n-grams of the sequence. The classification into term or no term is then made based on the special classification token.
variant queries in the proposed measure are selected based on lexically similar queries, which are then concatenated with the category representation from the main module and predicted with a contrastive loss function.
proposed framework for improving contextual representation in multi-label text classification involves fine-tuning a pre-trained BERT model and fusing label embeddings to defect text in order to improve the contextual representation for the task. Two models, called Deftry and DeFTry for automated defect triage (DEFTry), were fine-tune.
main factors that contribute to the drop in performance on high resource languages in MNMTs are limited model capacity and negative interference.
addition of multi-head attention weights as a part of the loss function improves the explainability of the base model by analyzing the weight distribution of the attention layer on the entire news corpus.
Borg cipher is a one-to-one substitution cipher that involves transcribing the scanned image of the cipher into computer readable format. The model performs well on no-space ciphers when spaces are emitted as in the Borg cipher but in cases like the Copial cipher for example spaces are actually in cipher just like other cipher characters.
purpose of CARATs is to evaluate VQA models not just on their base accuracy, but also on their consistency between relevant answers, to get a better understanding of their model's true reasoning capabilities.
three methods proposed in this paper are Masked Language Model, Replace Token Detection, and Semantically Contrastive Learning.
baselines used in the study are the DPM25 retriever and the ANCE. The proposed method outperforms them by a large margin in both question and passage-to-question retrieval tasks. The results show that the proposed method can effectively train both the fast and slow encoders for questions and passages while still having the benefit of efficiently maintaining a large negative queue.
motivation behind the proposed framework is based on existing approaches in NLP, mainly focused on YA rather than contrastive explanation YA-B, which can provide more informative and important clues for end-users and useful data augmentation to improve the model performance.
feature-based transformation approach to dialect-aware NLP benchmarking has four key advantages, including being not black box, being flexible, being efficient and scalable, and being responsible.
intful is a tool for annotating text in the Conelliu-like style, allowing users to annotate syntactic dependencies, part of speech tagging, lemmas, and so on. It works out of the box for now with Core NLP.
increasing the number of decoding steps in the non-phase version of the subframe resulted in a significant improvement in readability, coherence, non repetition, information, timeliness, and focus.
main botanic for event-centric opinion mining snippets from documents is shown in the table.
evaluation study evaluates CC and SE in the evaluation study. They contribute to the overall performance of the model, as shown in the table.
answer verification task differs from traditional answer sentence selection task in that the input is one question and answer sentence pair, with the output being a binary classification result, correct or incorrect.
unsupervised model has more than 10 points increase on the average of XY scores, and also suppresses previous results. The supervised model has even stronger performance, and even closes the gap drastically towards fully supervised models.
proposed baselines for dealing with structured sentiment problem include using the best models from targeted sentiment, using the interactive memory network (IMM), and relation-aware collaborative learning (RackleBERT).
downstream model is a 2-layer by LCM model that predicts character-level transcription. It is trained by CTC and evaluated by averaging the word conversion rates across different languages. The COVO-ST2 English to German dataset is used for training.
four different splitting methods examined in the test suite are HAC, disabled functionality, and Hount.
approach is called MCS where the model is trained in a multi-task learning fashion on two tasks, abstractive summarization with pseudo-labels.
categories of event mentions discussed in the transcript include semantic error, rule error, and ambiguous references.
authors propose two features based on the incongruity theory of humor: uncertainty and surprisal.
claims related to COVID-19 include " Vitamin D, Vitamin C, Colloidal Silver and Black Seed Oil can kill the Coronavirus," which is a placeless claim that needs to be verified as soon as possible.
R2D2 architecture differs from the CKY encoder used in MailLab in that it applies recursive transformer as the composition function and GammaL softmax to ensure an encode along a strict binary tree.
three pre-trained models considered by the team had advantages and disadvantages, including being able to predict the roles of entities in memes without knowing their implicit sentiment or knowledge.
Quality Predictor (QP) model predicts what is the most likely achievable paraphrasing quality for a given sentence based on the values it predicts. It assumes that for different sentences, the distance between the typical quality and the maximum possible quality is different and adds a fixed global offset that increases the quality demands used as constraints for QCPG.
proposed approach approximates transition scores based on labeled prototypes, estimates from scanned samples, and trains the transition score as the random variable to approximate its distribution to model the uncertainty. It outperforms previous work with absolute gains and full few-shot settings.
encoder, when used in BARD as an extractive rater, performs better than the generative rater which uses both encoder and decoder.
authors encode social context as nodes within a social network, where users and edges of the social network would be some sort of relationships between the users. They map the output of the graph attention network to the offset vectors of a certain word type, together with non-dynamic embeddings of the word type.
Dropout is a model that increases context usage by training on a larger document-level corpora and pre-training on a smaller corpora. It takes into account the surrounding context to improve performance on both sentence-level and context-aware tasks.
model achieves comparable results to state-of-the-art performance on short ciphers, and it achieves new states-of
impact of embedding transfer on the initialization of translation models is limited, as shown by the fact that the embeddings of matched tokens do not exist in the upstream vocabulary.
dealing with bag of words corpus may be challenging for NLP researchers because BERT takes in sequences and all you have is counts, making it difficult to train an LSTM on pure count data and do topic modeling over unigram counts.
overall score is calculated based on the average deviation of the worker's standard deviation from the standard deviation for all metrics.
table former model achieves better performance than TAPAS model despite having fewer parameters.
study presents a simple method to verify the statistical biases of reading comprehension models and use these biases for adversarial attack. Results showed that humans were not confused by the irrelevant options.
OLLIBIRD framework is a general algorithmic framework dedicated to efficient training of BIRD models, not only for efficient inference. It works by pre-training the models with structured sparsity and data efficiency in combination, which significantly improves the training efficiency of early-BIRD.
authors employed hard word alignment and soft penalization techniques to compute semantic similarity in their proposed metric. They employed the ARTMOVED distance to compute the semantic similarities of two sentences, which computes the efforts required to match two distributions.
metrics were used to measure the annotation agreement, including WAWA, F1 score, and overall agreement.
mask loss is an extreme version of the focal loss, where we zero out terms for those which already have a quite high predicted probability, such as higher than a threshold t as in the expression.
drawbacks of using contextualized word embedding for frame-evoking verbs include that they tend to confuse different semantic frames for a single verb, and clustering examples of all verbs at once tend to divide the instances of the same verb into too many different frame clusters.
speaker focuses on one specific property of lightrobe constructions, namely, they come in families, where they only show variance with respect to their NP element and exemplify the same interpretation pattern.
proposed method can retrieve similar neighbors at different steps, which is not efficient because it can have similar contexts along the generation.
purpose of the user study within Intel was to evaluate the effectiveness of the QBot system and evaluate its ability to generate relevant responses.
new metric that is reported in addition to accuracy in perturbation evaluation setting is table former, which is a new metric added upon the precomputed attention score matrix obtained by multiplying query metric and key metric.
sembling models provides a noticeable boost for parsing performance for almost all languages, as shown for some examples in the table right here.
main metric used by the researchers to evaluate the performance of their systems in the shared task was the compare score, which was the average of human semantic proximity judgments of usage pairs.
PYRL model is an RNN-based model that uses politeness reinforcement to steer the output towards politeness. It improves politeness in generated sentences by introducing a polite term and using a classifier to steer it towards the politeness of the sentence.
purpose of Unique Keyphrase is to provide a unified extraction and generation framework for keyphrase prediction, which focuses on automatically obtaining a set of keyphrases.
authors mainly use the photobook dataset, consisting of conversations between pairs of players who try to figure out which images they have in common without seeing each other's image sets. They also use the manually annotated subset of this dataset, where the utterances are paired with the images that they refer to.
purpose of the language-language retrieval module in MathWriter is to obtain the most probable next sentence through the generated description. It helps to find the most relevant reports from established report template copies and combines image, report templates, and sentence templates to produce the final reports.
sources of confusion among experts in making judgments include unstructured, noisy, based on legal lexicon, long lengths, and country specific legal terminologies. These factors contribute to their differences in reasoning.
meta-UMT algorithm incorporates domain-specific knowledge and mitigates overfitting and catastrophic forgetting by using transport learning and mixed binding method.
masked-word embeddings and two-step clustering are effective for semantic frame induction, as shown in the table.
difference between a model that does well in distinguishing sentence boundaries from interruption points and one that does poorly is that it does not distinguish between interruption points.
best performance is achieved by Structural IAM via an improvement of 6% F1 point compared with layout IAM under the same set by leveraging the cell-level layout information.
purpose of the paper is to evaluate word embeddings using categorical modularity, which is an intrinsic method for word embedding evaluation based on semantic categories.
alternative question in the example provided is to use a weaker or partial model to make a guess, which means they don't need a context.
main sub-dimensions within the dimension of common ground are conceptualization and common sense. There are others that might be considered, such as shared stories that people tell each other or metaphors or clichés shared.
team suggests exploring other avenues of research, including exploring the use of pre-trained transformer-based models for emotion analysis and classification in Tamil.
proposed method for addressing spurious correlations in table-to-text generation involves using causal inference to alleviate the problem of spurious correlations. Two ways are available, mediation and confounding. Mediation is to find the correct path while confounding is to cut off a wrong path.
proposed framework for answering questions over NRE knowledge graphs is called Factree, which takes the question as an input, passes through a three-stage pipeline processing and finally gets the answer entity.
authors validated their hypothesis through attacking target sentences on different positions. They first selected 10 anchor positions uniformly from a sentence, and then simple positions to attack around them. They found that the translation accuracy went up from left to right in all translation tasks.
SKS method achieves the best performance for F1 compared to other neural networks, including LSTM, GRU, and BiLSTM. On the SE dataset, the performance of SKS gradually improves to nearly 10%, even compared with the strong baseline model, SES-SVM.
BERT score measure is a measure introduced based on pre-trained language models that computes different metrics such as precision, recall, and F1 score based on cosine similarity of normalized vectors. Its components include a Mark-Evaluate-Peterson measure, which uses representations extracted from distilled BERT, and a model specifically fine-tuned to detect the quality of generated text.
two types of trees discussed in the background section are synthetic tree and discord tree. Synthetic tree has high computational cost and complexity and queue, while discord tree generates incomplete trees when the sieve and reduce options do not match.
motivation for the work presented in this paper is to improve machine translation for low-resource languages using back translation, which relies on high-quality monolingual data which is not available for them.
key benefit of using knowledge distillation with domain-specific training data is that it reduces the cost and time needed to create models for a specific setting.
sequence classifier takes a term candidate and a contextualizing sentence as input. For each sentence, candidates are generated by considering all n-grams of the sequence. The classification into term or no term is then made based on the special classification token.
discriminability affects the likelihood of a correct response in IRT by increasing the beta of the question minus the question's difficulty, making it more challenging to answer correctly.
70 papers were considered in terms of domain of research and system objective. Domain of research included categories such as mental health, physical health, health information, patient assistance, physician assistance, cognitive or developmental health, and others.
proposed method for weakly supervised induction involves constructing bitex with a pre-trained multilingual model, performing word alignment on the constructed bitex, extracting statistical features from word alignment results, and feeding the features into a multilayer perceptron to predict the probability of a word pair to be in the lexicon. The results emphasize the importance of contextualized representations.
Z-shift eval dataset allows us to evaluate Chinese lexical semantic change in context preceding and following the reform and opening up, covering a 50-year period in modern Chinese.
three frequently used axes in style transfer evaluation are sentiment, formality, and sentiment.
accuracy score of the human-machine hybrid system drops significantly if we reject 20% of instances using uncertainty estimates obtained with Monte Carlo dropout and ask human expert to label this uncertain object for the MRPC dataset.
VIK model is trained on five different data sets, including German, Russian, French, English, and Russian, as well as on four different development data sets in the shared task.
purpose of the experiments conducted in this study is to investigate whether predictive uncertainty is useful for capturing answer uncertainty for negative marking schemes and also useful for unanswerability detection.
first phase of pre-training introduced in this paper is word-based Pre-training. 36 object filters and their corresponding 36 category labels are fed into the network, and an image filter random shuffles task is designed for the first phase. IFRS randomly shuffles the object filters, and the model produces the original object encoder based on the test information.
AllCS dataset contains 21,000 train instances and 2,500 thread instances. It was collected through two partitions, MovieCS which is scraped from online blogs and websites containing Bollywood movie scripts and TreeBankCS, which filtered monolingual sentences from this TreeBank based on the length lying between 5 to 15.
estimated human accuracy in predicting proverbs for the MCQ task is around 80%.
latent structure model is used to learn latent or missing information in wet lab protocols through the use of a novel transcoder block.
linear SVM model with 64 millisecond sliding window shifted four milliseconds at a time, revealing the temporal profile of the EEG data, decoding scores, and scalp topographies for each of word length, frequency, and word class.
proposed end-to-end progressive multi-task learning framework for medical named entity recognition and normalization includes three tasks with progressive difficulty extended from conventional NER and NEN tasks. The difficulty of the three subtasks is correlated to the complexity of modeling features.
our Search is a tool that allows users to explore word alignments from a multi-parallel corpus, align words of parallel sentences, and look up words from an induced dictionary in more than 1300 languages. Its features include filtering sentence by sentence ID or language, interactive alignment of search results, and the ability to select the actual language from these fields.
key challenge of HTC is to model large-scale, in-patterns, and structured label hierarchy.
significance of this research is that it conducts extended experiments and analysis to establish a better understanding of interment-based zero-short text classification, which aims to build a classifier under any specific label space without accessing any task-specific labeled data.
purpose of term clustering in building a synonym system of a knowledge graph is to encode terms into a dense space and use similarities for linking and clustering.
proposed search space for grid search in this study is the nearest neighbor to HPO, provided by Roberta Paper.
meeting transcript suggests three NLP tools to support language education and enrich resources: automated quiz generation, automated assessment, and community-based language learning.
mixing refers to the mixing of words in a sentence, such as "hello" or "hello". In Indonesian, code mixing occurs when a sentence is mixed with another sentence in the sentence, resulting in a different sentence.
speaker situates their work in a broad research program interested in characterizing the expressivity of natural language processes and their expressivity or generative capacity.
iment detection is important for companies because it is difficult to manually examine each review given by users to understand how they are reacting to a product or something else.
two levels of issue labels used in this work are L-course and L-granular issues.
evaluation of the model was performed by comparing the performance of a pre-trained model trained on a low-web resource language (LRL) and a related prominent language (RPL).
second contribution made in the study is to use unmatched knowledge graph to augment parallel training data.
proposed approach addresses the challenge of resource-intensive and time-consuming training data collection by exploring the unsupervised paradigm in which labeled instances are not provided for training and breaking it down into three settings based on the extent of availability of unlabeled data.
authors evaluated whether models pay attention to the relevant context using two tasks: pronoun anaphora resolution and word stanza disambiguation. They gave translators varying amounts of previous sentences in the English source side and or French target side as context, and analyzed when translators were able to answer accurately and with high confidence depending on how much and what context was given.
goal of the paper is to push and make towards progress in this direction to help make literature review easier. Specifically, the task of relationship explanation is to generate a natural language sentence that explains how two works are related to each other.
focus sampling outperforms top k and nucleus sampling techniques in terms of summary quality and uniqueness.
main conclusion of the paper is that bilingual training can promote multilingual alignment and improve the performance of pre-trained multilingual language models on bitex mining.
study presented by Ana Maria Bucur aims to answer two research questions: if folks from individuals suffering from depression are most likely to contain offensive language and if there are any differences in the nature of offensive language.
two major components of the method are a self-guided parallel attention module and a sequence matching module.
goal of the shared task was to create a single system capable of predicting the first fixation duration, total reading time, and standard deviations in all the languages provided.
coding language model is not flexible and suitable for different language modules, and shouldn't introduce too many parameters.
authors designed a multi-stage pre-training method on the lightweight model by removing the object relationship encoder and language encoder in the dotted box. From the data in the table, they can see that the model parameters are reduced by 54%, the training data is reduced by 88%, and the whole experiment can be completed on a single GPU.
purpose of the study is to develop a biomedical named entity recognition framework for Bangla Biomed, which consists of around 12,000 tokens manually annotated in four different classes of entities: anatomy, disease, and syndrome. The statistics of the frequency and structures of various types of entities present in the corpus are provided.
purpose of CVE is to model dialogue characters by preserving row preference and producing a row-tailored linten variable for prior distribution.
sentiment analysis was used in key point analysis to identify good key point candidates for review summarization.
limitations of the multi-task learning framework used in previous works include the fact that review and rebuttal passages have their own styles in terms of structure and wording, making it not suitable to concatenate them as one long sequence, which hinders the model from well utilizing their different characteristics.
common issues found across platforms regarding benchmark dataset sharing include confusing concepts in terminology and identifying overlapping datasets.
BanditMTL proposes to efficiently regularize the task variance in multitask text classification by using task variance as a regularization term and finding a convex sorted learning objective for it.
hypothesis of this paper is that different syntactic dependency patterns have their unique distributions of semantic labels, and the dependency correlation is interpretable by the change in semantic label distributions.
PERO outperforms fine-tuning and auto-prompt a recent priming-based baseline, both using the same underlying language model, in sentiment classification.
effect of length compression on performance in hidden state knowledge distillation is significant, as shown by the drop in performance when the depth dimension is compressed.
DNN model for hope speech detection in YouTube comments was constructed using a multi-layer dense neural network (DNN), a single layer CNN model, a single-LSTM model, and a GRU model. The embedded vector was then used as an input for the models.
proposed approach in this paper consists of three components: the visual extractor, cross-modal memory networks, and the encoder-decoder.
presenter suggests that future research could focus on de-identified texts, such as identifying sensitive entities using pseudonymized data or pseudonymization, to address the issue of unintended memorization.
proportion of sexism in individual shows increases over time according to the graph shown.
best performing method for document clustering tasks on the given datasets is using MATM and ISLAM, which equated the performance of the three datasets.
third core thing that the authors are doing in this paper is to include a broader benchmark that includes a variety of different methods based on uncertainty estimation. They are introducing new metrics that tell us how good the model and moderator are together, as well as allowing us to quantify other things like how good a job the model does of sending comments for further human review.
seen scenario involves training in the same area as evaluating the map to see if the map is visible, while the unseen scenario involves using the same map to evaluate the agent. The ORA model performs better than the other baseline models and the map2seq dataset seems to be easier than the touchdown dataset.
paper focuses on studying general biases of knowledge-based embeddings, specifically focusing on the link prediction task of a person entity's occupations.
purpose of using visually grounded paraphrases in the study is to improve the pre-trained model's performance on downstream tasks such as referring expressions and visual question answering.
purpose of the study is to evaluate hate speech classifiers on held out instances from the same corpus using different sampling strategies.
purpose of the study presented by Laura Pérez is to evaluate the syntactic generalization abilities of transformer-based multilingual language models in English and Spanish.
proposed method for word alignment in this paper is a neural semi-serif alignment model that unifies word and phrase alignment by variable length spans. It achieves 92.4 F1 on in-domain evaluation and is the largest to date with 9000 sentence pairs annotated by in-house annotators.
Braille model differs from SimCLS in that it performs candidate generation and re-ranking by two different models, BART and BERT, which encodes the input document and the candidate summary separately, and calculates their content similarity using cosine similarity between the encoded representations.
three cross-lingual models that were fine-tuned for XLM Emo are Twitter Roberta Bayes, XLM RobertaBayes, and XLM Lars. These models are pre-trained on data from different languages.
SUMViz is an interactive visualization tool that can shed light on issues such as factual inconsistency and failure to truly abstract.
two tasks studied in this research are fingerspelled word search (FSWS) and fingerspelling-based video search (FVS). FWS focuses on finding which words are presented in the video, while FVS aims to find all videos containing fingerspelled words. This differs from existing work on keyword search for lexical signs.
purpose of using d-factors in NMT training is to mitigate the negative impact of synthetic divergence on NMT by encoding divergences as talking factors.
results show that GPT-NEO's clarification questions perform better than DISTO-GPT2 on four different data sets, including open source data sets.
main issue with most of the papers published at ACL in the last five years that contain the keyword relation extraction is that less than half of them perform relation classification, meaning that most of them assume that there is a relation in each instance that the model receives.
target entity that's originally blanked is the direct object or subject, which yields higher human agreement than blanking all type of phrases or just words while being still challenging enough that you need to watch the video to fill them in.
purpose of using pre-made schemas in the SDAT framework is to cover basic action types like eating, cleaning, moving from place to place, asking for help or information, and other simple behaviors that a young child might use to bootstrap their understanding of their world.
four techniques used to generate synthetic negative captions are substituting keywords, random sampling captions, adapting repetition and removal, and permuting the order of the captions to make grammatically incorrect captions.
annotation scheme recognizes three broad error categories: insertion, deletion, and substitution errors. For each example, a separate label is assigned for each of these categories. A label of 0 indicates no error, a label of 1 indicates a minor error that doesn't impact the main idea of the source sentence, and an label of 2 indicates a major error that impacts the main
speakers prefer variants with more uniform information density, all else equal, according to the UID hypothesis.
task formulation used in this work has several advantages, including the ability to decompose triples from the training data and maximizing the likelihood of labeled context.
segmentation outputs in the experiments were evaluated using two different methods, one based on supervised supervision and the other based on unigram supervision.
SVO probes dataset is a collection of sentences where the verb is negative and the subject is positive. The researchers tried to answer questions about whether multimodal transformers have fine-grained verb understanding.
LM is a task of estimating the probability of a text sequence conditioned on a user state prior to this text sequence. It is related to HART by being an autoregressive transformer with a recurrent user state.
researchers curate a fine-tuning dataset that is free from prejudice according to their definition, make certain modifications to it, and apply them to the Stereoset benchmark to quantitatively inspect how well their methods mitigate prejudice.
paper focuses on resolving NFL in procedural text as recipe in generic domain. It compares the similarity and differences between chemical pattern and recipes, making it feasible to adopt the annotation guideline from chemical domain to recipes.
purpose of the paper is to tackle the task of generating explicit conclusions for arguments by using tools such as search engines and social media platforms to collect arguments to make decisions.
format box format is a format used in DRS puzzing to flatten the format of clause format. It is used by taking sentence as input and corresponding clause format DRS as output to train the model.
contribution of this work is presenting a simpler but more robust top-down parser based on previous work, enhancing the simplified top-up parser with global optimization capabilities through an adversarial learning method, and introducing the proposed adversarial method.